Dining started
think 0
think 1
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9376 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 3
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 12730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13922 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2429 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5713 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5275 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1672 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2032 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6221 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7041 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 31729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 19275 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5631 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1606 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9850 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13689 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5704 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1544 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6229 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1667 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5127 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5218 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 23587 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2642 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 25791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7202 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7156 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6378 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13030 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5427 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5559 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 26857 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 29775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5357 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18063 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3462 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 25612 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7448 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7482 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5571 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1581 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 20974 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7976 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11634 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13303 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1542 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1411 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5631 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5968 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2336 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16560 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1444 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16426 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14706 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 31740 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 19488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6432 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5657 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 2
Philosopher 0: 1657 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7889 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14335 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1917 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6894 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2286 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6574 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10243 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1325 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3307 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6219 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6048 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9479 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3386 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3296 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1720 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2105 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10099 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 37574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 21780 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 36474 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 17523 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 22091 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6278 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2048 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1391 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1171 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5394 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1306 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 20968 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 12412 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6838 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7200 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5552 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9111 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7581 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3617 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5386 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5308 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3184 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5577 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7262 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 19932 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11089 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5771 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 11464 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5478 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5404 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1546 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1563 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20685 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16008 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9631 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11158 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10865 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4525 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6271 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5107 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2512 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6644 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15138 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6372 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1506 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 26587 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 18022 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1139 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 11177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2419 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6552 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7606 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6314 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11322 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7278 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14272 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2398 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 22407 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5109 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5127 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6540 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1912 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 19119 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6166 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 23144 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2005 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6709 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5656 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2049 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2041 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5543 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5350 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1883 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6808 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6829 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2326 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 25122 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 31621 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6833 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9217 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6863 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6649 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7048 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7366 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7180 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11290 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7501 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6247 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5973 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2015 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5552 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5601 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1805 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2164 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6488 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 30975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1893 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1595 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5732 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5886 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1923 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3457 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3411 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5493 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 29623 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1920 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 62686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2001 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2043 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9743 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8047 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1949 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7859 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 25081 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5131 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6087 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3003 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1958 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6173 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2146 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1906 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1986 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5549 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5850 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6001 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2234 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 34781 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9484 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1956 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1694 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6638 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 45598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6903 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3215 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 28510 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 12563 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3971 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16159 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7012 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13397 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 26179 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2050 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1973 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6479 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5705 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 22643 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2028 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7650 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 21726 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3965 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1918 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6549 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 12436 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5790 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6348 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2218 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6152 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6284 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 24598 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2044 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5900 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5800 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1932 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6118 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6061 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1811 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1591 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 61653 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 35794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5937 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2052 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2091 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5588 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5492 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16671 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2785 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6926 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6074 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17404 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5615 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2094 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 26771 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7168 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3106 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5569 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 739 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6543 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9327 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 63960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7089 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6931 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2449 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2460 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9303 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3159 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2448 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6130 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1695 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5924 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 19760 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 623 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6584 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14952 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7141 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7371 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2037 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5711 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5767 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1530 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4446 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5240 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 33920 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3213 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5824 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1823 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5419 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14336 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16700 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2257 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6115 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5884 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1635 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5892 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 22661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7507 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3466 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 25348 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6339 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3026 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3241 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2522 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5859 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6256 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14639 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5931 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1787 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5575 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15535 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1833 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8627 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 30444 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5954 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5011 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14038 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14268 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6844 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3520 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8699 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2100 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5515 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5632 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2092 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2071 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6420 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6338 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1962 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 26345 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7431 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 37631 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12975 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1935 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7349 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6111 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6079 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9571 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17022 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9849 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1599 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5556 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8795 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1761 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5495 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14599 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1857 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3499 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5542 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7378 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7412 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1685 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7550 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 42605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5596 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7257 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1530 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7128 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16594 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5858 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7654 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7879 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5507 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5468 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10991 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6739 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 27160 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7116 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8827 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6240 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6832 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2979 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6916 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 23014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2226 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6033 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5959 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11542 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1608 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5834 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1733 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9314 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6174 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6288 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2007 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15484 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5655 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5660 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1943 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6552 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6499 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1728 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10178 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7397 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 51490 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7320 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8973 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7539 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1791 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5129 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5041 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 23489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1489 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3368 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5550 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8983 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5890 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6181 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5678 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 40298 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7298 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 18740 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5770 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7450 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7428 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7336 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16518 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1722 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8821 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7079 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5822 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1952 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 30885 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5725 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6061 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2482 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6080 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8653 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5464 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5161 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1554 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 45077 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6783 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7095 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2173 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8613 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 23395 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5906 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2074 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9304 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9542 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8056 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8005 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11833 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5365 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1801 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8647 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 19392 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7610 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1603 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1475 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14783 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16917 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2697 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3419 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2549 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6297 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12334 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5751 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14193 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13249 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5483 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1726 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1657 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12642 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14383 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1471 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1419 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8167 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14139 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6461 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6651 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8833 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3332 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7133 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5618 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8175 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 19431 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11623 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1574 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15083 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5284 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6170 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6203 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5519 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5498 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1621 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1461 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6157 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6467 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1431 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5464 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 49670 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 40843 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8051 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8514 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8057 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7114 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5614 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9098 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3037 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2213 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3595 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6190 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5804 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6481 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 23873 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6859 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1439 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2928 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2428 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7056 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15125 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2087 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2001 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13360 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10722 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6280 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8696 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2024 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5822 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5606 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1577 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10582 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8188 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 38064 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1765 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1653 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5500 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14062 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14114 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7436 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1614 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7025 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10390 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 12334 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1351 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 27049 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6320 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 17344 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6183 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2325 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 20707 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6995 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7251 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2272 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2472 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1091 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8022 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11142 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 30467 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2831 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3012 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3122 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7399 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 21191 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7364 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1441 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6132 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1308 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15900 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11416 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13856 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6419 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8867 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2441 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6205 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7387 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11596 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6135 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7854 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 11015 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14321 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2268 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7520 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 12978 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5287 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1397 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6048 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 14162 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14698 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 1: 7314 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3204 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2058 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6402 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9386 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2148 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 12372 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7507 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6658 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15208 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5527 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 12253 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 21136 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 12108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6373 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8924 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9292 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3500 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6642 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5423 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9474 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6624 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11415 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 17969 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11492 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5515 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6166 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12773 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 19144 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7331 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6135 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1943 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1615 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6077 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 21211 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 21680 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7133 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7718 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6808 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2383 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2149 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 22315 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10529 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8427 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5697 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2325 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 12676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2058 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1749 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 31675 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17212 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2067 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7490 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1488 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5640 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14909 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2099 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15186 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6024 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2042 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1656 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7394 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9182 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5647 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1912 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 26381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5331 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6984 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14434 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5559 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9232 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11053 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14668 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7022 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2195 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2047 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1992 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5976 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5903 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1834 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 26277 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2017 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5759 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1692 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6115 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6124 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1929 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1515 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5405 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 50983 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1523 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1546 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9200 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2405 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8267 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8291 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2961 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 20978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1689 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4716 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5715 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1740 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5963 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5776 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 72812 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 1861 clocks since last eat
think 2
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2378 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5616 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5235 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1971 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 24852 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9949 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1889 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7309 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9247 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13820 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1712 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1736 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2005 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5844 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16796 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15273 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1920 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4117 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5602 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5690 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5295 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5618 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 24380 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1843 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6138 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1584 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5262 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5657 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2337 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1985 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 35190 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6130 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2329 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2048 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6025 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1667 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1645 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5446 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 23748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 44372 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2306 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 8230 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2929 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6478 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6448 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2879 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2298 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5500 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1694 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1886 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2063 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 19198 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6418 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6166 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7213 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5500 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1980 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 26397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1591 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3480 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5924 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7565 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2044 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5974 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 24333 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1752 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11320 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5647 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7623 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5501 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5733 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9167 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1653 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5963 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6268 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15329 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6072 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1975 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1651 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5402 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15008 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1661 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7245 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1796 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 56805 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6088 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1592 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1820 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7354 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26242 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7272 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1365 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1469 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14551 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1843 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15021 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1672 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3403 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5965 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6033 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5225 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14455 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 29734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2022 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7988 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8015 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13352 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1608 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1461 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1497 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6070 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16013 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1569 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10461 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13831 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6834 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7214 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 29369 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2974 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7388 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6141 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6924 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6980 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1865 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15735 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12436 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2056 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8159 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10477 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 16685 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10832 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6391 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7232 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17136 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2830 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9081 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5295 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5330 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8465 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2698 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2245 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3166 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7014 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6273 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 11445 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 21828 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1508 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6164 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1780 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5509 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6032 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 23158 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 28221 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6609 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8454 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3005 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15904 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5850 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7228 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1516 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8978 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16359 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5566 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7181 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1464 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2980 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14685 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7729 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7225 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7029 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1536 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3071 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8451 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6801 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2063 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1723 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15725 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5986 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5819 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17011 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7363 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 22721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1749 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13058 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15024 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2785 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1631 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1398 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 10120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7094 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5481 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2131 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11035 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 32905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6144 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7159 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9263 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5901 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6025 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1692 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1558 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5664 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2286 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5430 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 25692 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 28209 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7008 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2689 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5951 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9518 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13611 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15981 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5587 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5623 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1983 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5524 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2454 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 23648 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7306 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2411 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2324 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5561 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 39320 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6568 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 19382 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15738 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5590 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9149 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 20691 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 48115 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 20636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 11337 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1050 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 12164 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 13709 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8560 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 842 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2733 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17323 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16395 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7551 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1631 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14667 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6546 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 13209 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5821 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3347 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5845 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13621 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6837 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1480 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6983 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5043 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5268 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 18763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 10840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 33069 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16052 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11020 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1342 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5745 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13524 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1919 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11811 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5593 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1514 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6139 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5889 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6298 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 21277 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2422 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1954 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6352 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6150 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9808 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 47668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5321 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2059 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2254 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 13294 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10767 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 11076 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 14799 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7130 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6338 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13056 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2092 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8538 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5509 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5405 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1503 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 20365 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 22194 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8499 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2576 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 12737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6983 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6929 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2712 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3268 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13337 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1970 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 5544 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8286 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7962 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7004 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4949 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12523 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5687 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 1: 7605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3318 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6498 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9039 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5745 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11523 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13677 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11317 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5533 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1646 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1497 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8958 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6203 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6867 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9005 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2918 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1470 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5609 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8505 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26194 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2410 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5771 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8232 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10641 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1515 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2853 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8651 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2516 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5832 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1477 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1508 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8988 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 23071 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6462 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2313 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5476 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5310 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1357 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 16747 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16359 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1498 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1259 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10060 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6034 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6440 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7319 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 23572 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 27835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5815 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 15464 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14903 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3157 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6043 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8159 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2312 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1632 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6133 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 22330 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6574 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2203 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6059 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5783 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6332 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1523 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9526 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9726 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1609 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5747 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6101 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1426 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1430 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5787 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2362 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5965 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6731 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 42057 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3104 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6444 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6154 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1993 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 89763 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5320 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16046 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6889 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6895 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1857 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6008 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 28027 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2097 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 31296 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2043 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6476 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8218 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2125 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6480 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14762 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14941 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7622 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6981 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6845 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6878 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6051 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6068 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9471 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9766 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7652 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5807 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2305 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2165 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7876 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2083 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3906 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 23222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5578 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7367 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1913 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8101 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5600 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7815 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7491 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 21554 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6245 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2386 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8458 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16333 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7757 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5720 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7483 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15075 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1450 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6426 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6606 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6887 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2130 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 27870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8294 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1752 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6182 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2202 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3047 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7357 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6321 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6367 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1694 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4553 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 8343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6565 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7469 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7175 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10663 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2142 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5987 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1959 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5984 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 43001 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 27564 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8105 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5959 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10550 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 2039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3150 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9692 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8693 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 21125 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15421 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4691 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2392 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13230 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2334 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5841 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5614 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 23596 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 21966 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7565 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2696 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15045 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 25978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 22475 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 22086 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1761 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6289 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6249 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1577 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 34126 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6665 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5691 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1628 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 29205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13060 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7992 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2051 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6215 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6131 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1798 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11147 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11060 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8098 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6304 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2202 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5694 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9004 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1037 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7729 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3002 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6608 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7157 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 24789 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2862 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5562 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9118 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6793 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2191 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6483 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 23494 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10606 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5263 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5277 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14825 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14741 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6896 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2998 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 16714 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9191 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3780 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6056 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1516 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1348 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1622 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15588 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14907 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9512 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15318 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5382 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 24098 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7075 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5588 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5923 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9295 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9398 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6242 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2617 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2970 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6206 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7122 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 19449 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2898 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6394 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2182 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9477 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9558 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 8102 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1769 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5711 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 22939 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9873 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7758 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5995 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1925 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14274 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6140 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6221 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2070 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 20985 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2175 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 20343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7852 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2001 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1991 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6492 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2244 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5828 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 21864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 21575 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5776 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13268 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2072 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5552 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17569 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2131 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5666 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5603 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 24363 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7263 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5555 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2641 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2506 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5755 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14653 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 18195 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3361 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5795 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6051 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 8752 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8820 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7299 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8320 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8929 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7724 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
get 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8006 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2238 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6018 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6425 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 19140 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2381 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1972 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 17313 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7335 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2233 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6157 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2098 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10678 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5662 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1600 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11445 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 29588 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2021 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 16775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10922 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11376 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 19259 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2403 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8003 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 5897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8215 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3273 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7439 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6245 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11638 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6273 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5457 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13759 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2140 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5947 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5861 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1963 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2143 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17309 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 32139 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6927 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4654 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12948 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6498 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 21875 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6227 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6967 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6467 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14452 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3336 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6292 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6840 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 14781 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6205 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3424 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1517 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5977 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6346 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2088 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2482 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 32583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7691 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5238 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5280 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1629 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 31108 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6272 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2023 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 17741 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1457 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7696 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 16358 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8013 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8931 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7708 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1500 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6956 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8647 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5885 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8166 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2364 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12303 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15777 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2049 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5953 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13660 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 19581 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11842 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2090 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6617 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5968 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16720 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6249 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6616 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6188 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1992 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8786 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8205 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14332 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6098 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1690 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 18569 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 28153 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 28179 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7131 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 25683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11792 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2176 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2028 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8036 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5565 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7468 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6101 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6145 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 19641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5390 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6130 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15326 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5762 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 25517 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2189 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2121 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5571 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5510 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10020 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5782 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5783 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1656 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10276 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2145 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 30195 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8048 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7264 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5788 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1550 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1546 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1485 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7076 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7415 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5486 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 32813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 32378 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3635 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7514 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7448 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1216 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1216 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9197 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6642 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2183 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8299 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5443 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15059 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1322 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1074 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13969 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7226 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2410 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 19132 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6915 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5983 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5712 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 14849 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 35489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 45108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5339 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5386 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 29875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5481 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5974 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5826 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 24335 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7198 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5394 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2022 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 32063 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11491 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2035 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2149 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 21895 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6366 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 13754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7765 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7418 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2908 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2103 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5739 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10275 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2179 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1811 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3987 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5755 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2049 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1513 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5841 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16957 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 29513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6128 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8185 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2029 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5181 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5280 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1926 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 20964 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 26315 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7497 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3554 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7367 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3353 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7154 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7350 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2043 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 12910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5369 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6110 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15513 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 31949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1911 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3714 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2170 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1801 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5752 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 23258 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17296 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7550 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5648 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7806 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7679 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5772 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7524 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 24439 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1469 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13113 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10990 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14946 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7142 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1735 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16360 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1994 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7565 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9237 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7225 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1643 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1833 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9319 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5947 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9361 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7103 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18477 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7483 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15010 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7669 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1725 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7970 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15818 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8251 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5630 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5669 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5838 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14949 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5742 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5818 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2068 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5963 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6099 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2001 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 39926 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6122 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 25505 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2096 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2038 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1865 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6143 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 25371 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5492 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7144 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 32315 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7322 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5312 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7437 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9338 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8216 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5019 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6000 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6209 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 9072 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6497 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1850 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1883 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6395 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6238 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5841 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5697 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 34733 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 31560 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8194 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2517 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6123 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5851 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5650 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15540 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7353 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5533 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 30626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1503 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1560 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1399 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15939 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17634 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5269 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1995 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5902 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 20316 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 20422 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3109 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3151 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7370 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7461 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13038 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5657 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5538 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1765 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1766 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5878 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 33168 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16538 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7831 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6457 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2326 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2137 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14306 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5858 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1661 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1622 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5441 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5443 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1580 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1652 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5563 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 23621 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1689 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7334 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5954 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 43445 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7546 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2008 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13371 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2054 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7689 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9566 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5532 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8922 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1661 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3339 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5597 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7159 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16090 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8958 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8081 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8153 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1479 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 4779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3316 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4845 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8386 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6788 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 22803 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1616 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4732 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15153 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2149 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6926 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5660 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7359 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10848 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1629 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7892 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6309 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11264 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13109 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5278 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6969 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1948 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1973 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10446 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 17804 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6104 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6321 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15313 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2158 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2715 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2123 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3224 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6375 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7415 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2017 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3029 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5323 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2710 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5799 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1816 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12814 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 43608 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6544 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3292 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5896 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5864 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6466 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1658 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5293 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 22577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6067 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 25421 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2341 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1524 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6011 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6399 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 12451 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7734 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5402 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1464 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2169 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5998 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5274 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7638 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5488 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 39352 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7064 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14126 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8270 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11536 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7183 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1908 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17142 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13215 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6816 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6728 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2291 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2654 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2526 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2506 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5798 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5832 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14414 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7595 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 17104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8020 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2368 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7329 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7316 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7823 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2161 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7347 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 19661 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2159 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7771 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9452 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1823 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1496 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 10636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10485 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5842 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5911 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2043 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10939 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11266 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6100 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5892 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1558 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1548 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9265 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 19683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 20050 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 10392 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5015 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5659 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4725 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2443 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2328 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3281 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14435 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7417 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7057 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3571 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5575 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5564 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5742 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 22862 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9086 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10081 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8577 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7087 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2258 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6292 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14478 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5474 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5455 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1569 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1567 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 26944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8001 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9632 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7159 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5631 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1638 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8783 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5838 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1780 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7894 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1990 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5792 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5914 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1954 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1860 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 24707 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 18853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3356 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1780 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5864 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5943 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2050 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6406 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6244 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1796 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 32729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5773 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7510 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3368 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5550 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5678 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 41902 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3613 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5363 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1933 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1595 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15122 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2171 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2019 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16145 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1901 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13447 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1613 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9179 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5895 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9268 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 65641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5758 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14637 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14696 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3401 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13823 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7236 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2464 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10533 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7683 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5484 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7211 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9027 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3539 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7093 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6172 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8049 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3271 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2608 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17608 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1626 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9315 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9994 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7207 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6820 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2529 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7579 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14899 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7312 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7431 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3770 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1865 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13452 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17192 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1802 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5544 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5630 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14819 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6029 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5990 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1976 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6525 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 34607 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1529 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6787 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 26887 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13222 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6091 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1820 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1773 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1608 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 21964 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1908 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9423 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6263 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 25152 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2390 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5929 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6922 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6901 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2922 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 21287 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5668 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10519 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6443 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6025 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2031 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2082 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 19207 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16013 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6412 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1549 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6180 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15119 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17420 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3063 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14121 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7507 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1629 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1584 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14442 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6585 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7731 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 7441 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1456 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5936 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6289 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15403 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12870 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 29902 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13012 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14901 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1834 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5500 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5578 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5346 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 22000 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7095 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 25448 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7855 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6130 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1491 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5451 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1833 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12879 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 25649 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1484 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8560 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12048 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6843 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6919 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5808 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2112 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8037 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1823 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 18859 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16453 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11091 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 20784 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2316 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1536 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1740 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18720 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5757 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5719 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5679 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 21985 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6876 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1929 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 33417 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1913 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5581 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5489 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14988 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3425 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5761 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2027 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2125 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6006 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 41306 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5990 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6047 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1922 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1856 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5706 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 34091 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6622 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 26066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7462 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9483 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8008 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3636 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7152 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7433 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7271 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1895 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3475 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7692 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1518 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7279 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1563 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 34936 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9199 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6142 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8035 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3467 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15372 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7063 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1522 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8533 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6921 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7219 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1603 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7214 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 19124 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7429 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7517 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1924 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3652 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5780 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9427 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7005 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14870 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6037 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13326 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1570 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6179 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12419 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10824 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 1: 24233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6613 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2079 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1621 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1488 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17948 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13387 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5770 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8411 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2163 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2084 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5846 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6060 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2277 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15037 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 20968 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7544 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9735 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6565 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6670 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6555 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1890 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2720 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2727 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1908 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 18577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6406 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9076 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2510 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7936 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 6200 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10410 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7047 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2733 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1980 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1451 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5525 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10180 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1924 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11376 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7355 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15010 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5519 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7071 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14450 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1688 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 12695 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5490 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1522 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10456 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5798 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8248 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2514 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5727 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1950 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5946 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 33036 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 24342 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1912 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5697 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9870 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7576 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5922 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7988 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2356 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8170 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5711 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 31359 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2338 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2632 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1191 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 8585 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8431 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2353 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1405 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2944 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5482 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7702 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3083 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17497 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7338 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6995 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6065 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12574 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16414 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7469 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15183 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 24379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2133 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15558 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5824 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2131 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 25332 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5953 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7621 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1572 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3228 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 22805 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7621 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7436 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11379 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5836 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 7630 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2793 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2531 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2361 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6071 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5809 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11408 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2780 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5644 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8661 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2431 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1773 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6003 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 18520 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18035 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7385 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2602 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2095 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6779 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2209 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1857 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 24098 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6470 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2129 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4045 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5696 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7297 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3209 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3463 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3546 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3522 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 12905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6092 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2030 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15766 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6358 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6298 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 27260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7161 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7369 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 29648 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6506 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8335 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10290 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5630 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7625 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9504 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1943 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3884 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6048 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4147 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4147 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3293 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 22797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16832 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1526 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3421 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10765 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6024 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2036 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9987 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5250 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9241 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1852 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6219 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10747 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 14537 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11369 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 34841 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7303 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2734 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5298 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8567 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8325 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2106 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6141 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6080 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11421 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17211 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2477 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5504 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7455 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9929 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5843 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9647 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2196 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6084 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8395 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6730 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1382 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5934 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10793 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 32488 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2447 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3451 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5880 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6939 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6376 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2029 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 2991 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18694 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2219 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6711 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6602 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6454 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3474 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1543 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5998 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1712 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5486 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16652 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2112 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7576 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1563 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5342 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 34497 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1652 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5540 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5548 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17975 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2004 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 22187 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11073 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7972 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5667 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 22773 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11911 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1523 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3343 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5935 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 25032 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7876 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1726 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5567 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17075 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1830 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7429 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5544 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16474 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1741 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13003 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5740 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 18012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1574 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15507 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8111 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7124 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5667 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7285 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3278 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 26353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11084 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2197 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15639 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6264 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 19161 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6110 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1606 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5843 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6025 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2410 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1646 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8186 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5923 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1457 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15092 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15180 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6112 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7868 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1688 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3351 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4200 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 21405 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6457 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6632 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1811 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5731 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5648 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1691 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5402 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5441 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5666 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5766 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 36273 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7276 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 48838 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1541 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1484 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4900 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5017 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7536 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 22652 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7835 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7827 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3407 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5388 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7160 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1872 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1520 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3200 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5512 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5679 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8837 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7395 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 25315 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5724 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7571 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7699 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15105 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7484 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5992 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6092 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9393 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1635 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1649 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5756 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7670 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6050 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6030 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 40171 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7653 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1615 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 24360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6996 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1600 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3322 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5387 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6949 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14023 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5622 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7313 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14468 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7237 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3409 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7431 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7328 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7191 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3181 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4571 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1369 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4652 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5499 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5437 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2015 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9324 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6209 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1857 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 12121 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7472 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 33206 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3358 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6906 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6707 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 20004 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5796 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7840 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1796 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5016 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5021 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 31560 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6790 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8543 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1915 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4940 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4912 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1915 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6268 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16987 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1893 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 33787 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5815 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5960 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1742 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9232 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1539 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7314 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 22932 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1785 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2045 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5644 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13437 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2255 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2118 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5847 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 22865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1578 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1646 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16769 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2248 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11163 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5678 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9247 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9382 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2525 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2142 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1552 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3308 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5524 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5500 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1552 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14210 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 21395 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7164 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1566 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7231 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14560 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7623 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2032 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15603 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7664 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5144 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5587 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11100 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 17943 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1830 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5908 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5688 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 19491 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2968 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1901 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5569 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5539 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1554 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 51919 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1833 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1510 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5657 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14273 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 28160 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1950 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6090 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5913 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6696 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 11240 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2180 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9527 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6658 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6782 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 9109 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13135 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14836 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2391 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7543 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13733 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 16133 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7847 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3183 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3214 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2472 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7269 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6360 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6674 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2140 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2131 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7316 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5548 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1580 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5472 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 23125 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7331 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5095 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 23222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7350 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14350 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5580 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9255 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1657 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9113 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6206 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7949 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2021 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5908 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1914 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 28551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5699 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7512 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5806 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5965 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1556 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1664 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 20353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 38233 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7192 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5641 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14776 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1907 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7425 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7251 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5541 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7276 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3438 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5884 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5817 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 25585 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9067 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3329 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3230 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7771 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1653 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5807 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15071 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1552 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7402 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6265 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6175 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1534 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1521 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5229 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 18151 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7555 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9437 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2084 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13411 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15150 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3749 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5417 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5182 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1394 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3065 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5407 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1742 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5933 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7675 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1720 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7192 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 32290 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1828 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6180 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1773 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5527 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1610 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5943 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6013 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1656 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1632 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5440 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 23707 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 31930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3080 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8385 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7405 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7767 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5623 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 17112 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7760 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5330 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1801 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7133 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5623 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5476 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 25630 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10959 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4059 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6426 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5863 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15657 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17417 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7610 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5438 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9001 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4823 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2431 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 23836 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5669 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 22127 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9457 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1932 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1915 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6041 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5902 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11599 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1546 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7118 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 23166 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9123 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5458 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7264 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1830 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7323 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10659 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5694 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5603 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9431 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2102 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15308 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7812 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1798 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3538 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5908 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7573 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15394 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1956 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3801 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13541 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5366 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7277 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9084 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3337 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7381 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7336 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7432 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5958 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1720 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5536 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6864 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1661 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4998 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5254 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1914 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 46267 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 25826 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2089 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8213 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1780 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3666 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8449 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5587 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1660 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1546 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8958 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6642 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2224 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1638 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3914 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13984 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 48803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5566 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7384 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1956 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1747 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1647 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5857 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5970 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9709 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2792 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 1: 17948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6525 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11134 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2656 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5929 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 11471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14386 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6983 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2446 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1939 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1580 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11006 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7460 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9911 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7520 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6057 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9159 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2733 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1907 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 19702 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2481 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5789 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5748 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6346 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 18697 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16422 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1878 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3619 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8190 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2098 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8452 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5852 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7526 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1494 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5595 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 23068 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16372 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5581 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7590 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9362 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5039 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9637 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1914 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 21156 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10439 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1990 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6015 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6007 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17519 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1769 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7834 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1615 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5696 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5565 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 36362 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2427 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 28177 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7996 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8021 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16440 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5041 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1459 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8182 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1606 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5979 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1691 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5768 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 31263 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8042 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7962 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13978 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1609 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5479 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14992 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7417 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16982 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5982 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1984 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9843 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17664 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9664 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7779 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1725 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5313 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9132 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7113 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10524 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5408 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5490 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1726 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6130 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16889 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8172 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6015 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5740 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 26558 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5606 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17260 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2038 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1462 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13101 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5685 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18250 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5794 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2101 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2215 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2172 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6008 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7440 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 30466 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7452 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7512 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7192 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5529 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1752 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9085 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5960 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7871 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1867 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1989 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2098 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13402 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5250 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7166 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 33362 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9189 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1747 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5916 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5304 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 21581 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7320 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2111 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6028 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5630 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2019 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 17971 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2472 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 39841 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5994 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7765 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7395 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1854 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6003 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15494 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7780 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6083 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1501 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1559 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 21102 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5644 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1844 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5965 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5886 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6019 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11111 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1756 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10203 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 45099 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1941 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18412 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5158 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7137 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7335 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 16471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2348 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2074 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6516 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9334 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7292 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 17250 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3318 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 3016 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2613 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5460 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7292 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5958 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2654 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16578 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6560 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8695 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 6930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2742 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3041 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5588 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1473 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1441 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1556 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5744 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6235 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2692 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17889 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6012 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5416 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5811 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2090 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5430 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 15824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9955 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1867 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6711 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6635 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 12869 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3032 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2922 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2051 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8952 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6986 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6985 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2319 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8111 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8936 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6451 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8337 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 21886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6691 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8952 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 2391 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 18103 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3091 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3380 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 2902 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2856 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5984 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1480 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1647 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16165 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6505 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 16489 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2654 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6801 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6119 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2268 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1975 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5993 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15397 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2288 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5387 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 21830 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6538 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1828 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6887 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 14277 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 25152 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5536 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1932 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6505 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6456 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1893 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5429 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 21995 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6689 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2221 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 26995 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1685 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10371 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6622 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14470 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6907 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3240 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5415 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7559 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2421 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12563 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7559 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 33749 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1567 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1834 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13092 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15350 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8001 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9870 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5795 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7785 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11160 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5827 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14780 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1594 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5214 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5219 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 19660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 36381 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7048 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3368 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5893 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5818 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1722 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6198 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6132 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 31487 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7374 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 33815 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6364 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5793 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2135 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2010 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5980 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5875 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1735 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 25433 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 30195 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5887 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1847 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5664 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13992 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2339 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 19313 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6100 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7705 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3438 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6010 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7827 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5585 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7230 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1594 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1689 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12689 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 29958 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9526 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5840 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5983 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5537 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5516 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 22880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1621 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3563 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7128 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5733 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 12661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 31233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1823 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9329 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15173 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2086 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7923 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13885 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7679 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5429 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15220 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1692 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16722 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16901 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5584 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7740 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5358 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1655 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7973 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15005 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1649 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7924 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5896 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7736 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5107 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 22497 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6872 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3377 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3303 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6672 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8374 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2097 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9050 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6576 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6252 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 25732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6165 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5891 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14338 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2445 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6300 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 29854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1902 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7717 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7413 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2082 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9421 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13163 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7563 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2214 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7491 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1417 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5540 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5632 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1857 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16535 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 24186 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5779 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1723 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1656 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 20378 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5462 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1644 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 20621 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3849 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5038 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 16034 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1918 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6060 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13512 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9218 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2409 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1645 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10518 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9418 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1805 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1948 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13277 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1567 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5954 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5607 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 18910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1728 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6026 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 23873 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7397 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3379 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 11406 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2588 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6416 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 10078 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2556 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3325 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5099 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 4619 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5776 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1756 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15286 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2463 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5126 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5087 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1647 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1400 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17648 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2167 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6089 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6289 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16079 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5141 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7328 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6641 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6827 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9539 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2978 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6334 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6031 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1963 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9209 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4894 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6999 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6995 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6650 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2168 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2122 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9541 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6744 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6368 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2073 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6697 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16277 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11495 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7301 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2682 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1979 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9461 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5723 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7199 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8938 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2949 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3613 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3057 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6536 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6139 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7833 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5620 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7541 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7327 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5735 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 23898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7854 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2068 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6378 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 19240 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1695 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2085 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6188 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9610 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 19821 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5611 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1658 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4998 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12480 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1664 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6160 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13415 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 17620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6576 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6310 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1545 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2418 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6286 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 20556 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1498 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3119 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6055 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15623 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6147 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6252 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5745 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9212 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1820 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6121 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6702 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2503 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 12219 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2099 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2115 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6331 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14411 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5583 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 57273 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7534 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5936 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 17127 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 32608 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6036 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5991 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1912 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5969 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9394 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1466 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5631 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26423 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7397 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3508 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5598 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5832 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6256 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1798 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1968 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1991 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5873 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1955 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 25920 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 18666 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7565 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6030 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1691 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1736 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5608 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5883 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2022 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5619 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 22868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1785 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7327 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7243 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 39880 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7538 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9155 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2202 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11547 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2225 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 23721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 15552 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7236 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3031 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2316 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5982 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5909 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1747 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5838 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5864 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1872 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 32565 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26114 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2136 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5784 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5540 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1546 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1574 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5411 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1396 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1537 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1414 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 25138 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2336 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5368 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5256 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5957 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2095 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3094 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 43230 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1622 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5427 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5219 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5938 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 26950 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 33146 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12139 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2671 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2544 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5192 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14611 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7758 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1914 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7883 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6458 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 9586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7576 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3049 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5956 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9891 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1712 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7606 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16675 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7521 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7618 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5261 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5317 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5587 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 20274 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7375 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18179 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5919 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7972 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1695 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6182 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6279 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 19417 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3447 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 21310 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5506 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5859 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9195 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5394 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9028 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 23471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8780 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6065 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6064 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9657 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7380 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1607 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6046 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5441 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6324 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6270 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1901 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 32260 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 45356 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3824 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4655 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4104 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4521 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6183 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6704 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2334 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6160 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 23413 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6872 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2310 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1450 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6547 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 18825 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1521 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5414 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 26029 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1725 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6117 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9498 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1671 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7766 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5485 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5470 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10546 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 38601 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7328 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1671 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5904 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9768 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2004 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8652 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6095 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1691 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8217 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 27626 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3328 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7257 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8171 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7787 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7865 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2763 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5410 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5584 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5713 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1628 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6203 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 26438 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 25240 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7369 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3033 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2140 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2526 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2400 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10564 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9951 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6192 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 16399 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6530 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1401 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5690 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5643 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9066 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1481 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3245 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5996 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5656 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10847 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6434 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8610 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2310 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 55209 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2536 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5896 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1465 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10674 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 26159 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6106 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5862 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1987 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16556 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2181 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1952 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5822 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1485 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 32955 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6218 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 23222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2089 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1332 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 9793 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11473 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1991 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9940 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7590 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2347 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1940 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6025 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5949 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5552 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17307 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7378 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5482 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 32416 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2044 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2035 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6963 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18018 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16105 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8691 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5801 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1690 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9061 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16196 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1606 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9391 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6289 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8303 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8241 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6075 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1652 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5857 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5845 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10921 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 41746 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7314 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1628 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1694 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1609 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5440 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14527 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14536 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5991 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9788 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2091 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1592 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2590 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7249 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 22998 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8208 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 7576 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5097 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8617 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6511 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9064 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 16227 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17567 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 17129 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17085 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6504 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6328 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2084 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7117 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2394 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18332 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8181 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1107 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7389 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13180 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1443 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1487 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2048 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 16715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5534 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5770 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9113 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2591 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2139 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2835 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6326 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5980 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 35406 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5998 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6184 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1852 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17200 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7851 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 19273 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2136 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4320 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6004 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1952 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5371 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 23388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13207 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 25215 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8148 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3321 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9269 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5712 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7714 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9619 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5556 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5706 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2143 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6276 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5750 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 22583 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 18886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4561 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8820 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7172 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2038 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5807 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9538 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6620 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9520 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3116 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2982 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6379 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5804 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2082 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2071 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9039 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2494 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6433 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6002 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5594 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6528 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20987 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 39620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12271 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8995 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3542 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3687 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14358 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5419 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1558 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2857 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2461 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6993 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5979 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14712 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6492 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2079 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3895 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5833 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7788 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2074 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14818 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5390 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15119 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1628 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5747 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 30387 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7370 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1722 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5816 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1807 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2052 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5792 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1992 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6014 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5294 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 33888 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 50787 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6275 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7991 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1872 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13677 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 22883 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7637 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5647 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9580 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15312 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7439 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1509 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3118 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5679 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7285 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14735 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1722 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1521 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7025 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5472 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1742 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1941 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 11387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5514 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6190 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6131 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1615 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5468 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 46400 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1970 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7473 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5717 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7629 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1798 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 41466 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1586 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 22300 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8749 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6538 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6562 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5567 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7732 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5668 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9349 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3364 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5658 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5654 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1664 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9216 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1974 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 48064 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9953 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8690 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5567 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5717 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2274 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2454 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 15373 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6823 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1941 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1826 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9692 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 27812 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8116 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4409 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5964 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5974 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6648 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1907 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5133 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15968 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2015 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1431 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 34175 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7207 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15766 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3337 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7589 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7598 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7567 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1926 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1964 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13958 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 26724 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1728 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15837 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7855 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7489 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7674 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5772 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 23085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9259 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5857 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7542 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7498 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1574 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 26056 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14545 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7233 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 12733 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1910 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1992 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6006 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2090 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7914 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1474 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5794 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9376 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7105 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5469 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 35129 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1590 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14267 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6046 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2069 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10907 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5482 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5651 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15270 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3592 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9012 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1547 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1751 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6069 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7997 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 26012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5754 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5864 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1931 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11259 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7323 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5261 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5284 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1735 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2106 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 32067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6050 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6489 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6312 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 32710 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1948 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5967 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5978 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 34079 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1890 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5669 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 27119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9612 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6025 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7518 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5059 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 23254 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6329 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7981 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4879 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14441 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8078 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10013 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8420 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8355 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4607 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6406 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6407 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5958 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5935 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9261 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1892 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1296 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6523 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7877 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1901 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1878 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5544 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9366 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7421 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7271 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5894 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1989 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5932 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5996 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 64919 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1564 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 19294 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1554 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7043 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14971 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7316 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5743 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5413 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1492 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1527 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10306 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1419 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5535 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 23577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2152 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7886 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5896 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1943 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 24231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5674 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1691 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18581 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5318 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12857 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1816 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2019 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1934 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5875 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5912 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 24989 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 30449 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1301 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13619 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6963 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2081 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4749 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4791 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2334 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20076 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 19407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6557 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6589 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1647 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 15725 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1733 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5872 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1867 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1858 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6187 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6056 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1452 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1528 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 25629 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 31511 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5898 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8101 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7911 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1457 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6829 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8691 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5924 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5586 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 23810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1712 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 33271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1741 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3144 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6135 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5447 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15210 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 33537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12679 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6607 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8512 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10097 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2271 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8514 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5855 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5828 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1500 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1539 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1652 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5515 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2111 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26965 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7996 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 26794 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2234 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7649 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5588 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6405 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 20652 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7147 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2396 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1941 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5522 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5540 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2087 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2295 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6429 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 25487 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1913 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2703 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5703 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6137 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2191 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11395 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 24856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8103 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8475 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2418 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7502 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6045 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 16130 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3166 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3046 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3381 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3162 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7122 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 6852 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6748 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8961 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1450 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7230 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9928 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7583 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2090 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7512 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13088 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1560 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5890 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2088 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6292 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6378 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14594 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5979 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9970 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5976 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13588 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1694 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13243 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1926 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1892 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1752 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 57321 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1826 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6704 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6614 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5673 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1656 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1973 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 31071 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 42227 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1540 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5552 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1811 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5438 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1654 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6965 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 25077 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1656 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1570 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1513 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13829 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 17650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1908 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7533 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9063 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5720 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5809 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1592 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5453 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5505 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2202 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4023 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 22666 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7837 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1787 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2060 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8861 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7196 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6262 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7528 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2428 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 23866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8504 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1566 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8500 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8519 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6447 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8335 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2058 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7962 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7031 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9742 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 10870 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 22044 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 15092 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6959 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6609 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6503 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9887 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2312 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8904 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5712 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7355 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1548 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7153 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11006 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5164 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6711 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8210 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6487 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1791 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1833 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5662 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5785 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1840 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7689 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 18761 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6195 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5981 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17314 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5544 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1531 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5893 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5808 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1653 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5683 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5785 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 31615 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 26065 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1501 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7367 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5637 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5759 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8926 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16543 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5702 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7477 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5479 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16514 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2079 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2158 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6073 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1649 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4811 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1949 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5958 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7730 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1672 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6114 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6158 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2015 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2111 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6020 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 23482 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1918 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 64465 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2063 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11263 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5455 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7042 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5319 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8632 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10678 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5939 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5671 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10792 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 27808 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5906 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 29578 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2954 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5024 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 22014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17365 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10113 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5919 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7696 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3370 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5116 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5079 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8224 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5731 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3183 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1973 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6037 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10778 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1946 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6081 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5861 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2003 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 16410 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2599 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2988 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6808 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6493 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2176 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1633 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 23785 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6126 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7280 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3014 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3105 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5614 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5336 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1471 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8498 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10456 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1751 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6097 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6026 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1690 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1691 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5380 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5467 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1917 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 18260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2793 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 20460 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6984 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6617 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7449 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2903 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10999 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7459 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6400 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9771 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2723 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7141 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 6636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6565 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4221 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 24319 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6834 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2336 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1629 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5665 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1588 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5768 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6083 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 17925 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2695 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2226 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2913 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 28676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5742 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1760 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1909 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 14248 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16298 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3063 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 1: 9625 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3254 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8556 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7727 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17313 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12890 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7087 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9898 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13062 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18885 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7804 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7000 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8864 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2316 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3802 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6704 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6375 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1478 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1418 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5595 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1622 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1595 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7031 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 29491 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3450 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 12856 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7691 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2034 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7755 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5720 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16436 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11240 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 4096 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3591 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16554 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1929 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7546 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14970 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7233 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1892 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13283 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6188 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2019 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5559 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15459 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7350 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1644 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1481 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16228 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7192 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1597 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1604 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9405 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8065 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6424 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5535 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 33830 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 17246 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1664 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1712 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5943 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 22371 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7582 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 25193 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1913 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5444 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9923 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1554 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5243 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16461 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5748 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7477 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6378 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6031 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 24450 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17321 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5860 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1660 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17044 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6247 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3723 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11760 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2103 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7308 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3604 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1934 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 34379 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7989 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7632 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5523 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1826 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10796 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7552 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7592 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 24482 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7708 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5557 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14594 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7187 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8992 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6124 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6265 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1878 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15680 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 24548 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5979 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5903 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1733 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17240 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7449 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5614 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5947 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5973 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 26629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4855 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7388 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6431 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11296 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7306 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5825 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6201 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5992 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 17184 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 49963 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2078 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6691 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 9413 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 15952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7556 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2836 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3780 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6051 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9700 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6848 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2175 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10894 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1426 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6915 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5720 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7088 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10416 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6955 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5422 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10470 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1920 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3500 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14656 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5701 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9249 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2158 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8565 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6655 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1889 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 20514 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7556 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2110 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4013 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6142 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8029 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6013 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13592 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5966 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7665 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7697 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13288 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7530 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 79630 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5576 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1644 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1561 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9000 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1614 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5390 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5361 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10354 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 19420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5885 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6071 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9386 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5403 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5335 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16454 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1595 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1520 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6612 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7015 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2113 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2258 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10824 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5859 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5441 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8630 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2851 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2454 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6314 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5858 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1545 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9913 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7039 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1564 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 25624 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15015 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3017 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2586 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9280 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6450 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6137 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1396 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1594 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12811 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16325 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7457 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9336 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7447 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7322 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16507 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7254 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5591 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6464 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13785 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8858 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8582 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 24626 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8122 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10054 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 21557 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6642 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6429 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2339 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1541 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1581 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5684 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5465 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5472 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 23925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6259 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6465 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14588 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1951 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5045 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 4839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1544 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 47661 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5552 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1895 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2109 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1836 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6232 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1685 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 24776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 39718 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5920 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1696 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1633 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 22746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6070 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1520 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9343 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5216 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5363 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14389 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5597 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7305 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 47631 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9403 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7785 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7757 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1518 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5578 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7164 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3238 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16620 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7343 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7278 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1591 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8925 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9262 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6305 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13105 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5520 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7220 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1962 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6482 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 23476 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5574 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5618 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1534 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1442 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1467 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1526 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 24757 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16460 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1712 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7327 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15118 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5678 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14822 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7135 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16324 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1563 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8603 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11405 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17416 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6212 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6723 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1990 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1923 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5463 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6283 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4469 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6185 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7944 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1843 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8095 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11095 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5592 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6236 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 48826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2873 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7134 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15466 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7376 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5932 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5926 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 21669 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16879 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1841 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1626 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7102 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7418 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7004 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 17965 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8312 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6078 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2273 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12571 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6218 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6061 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6384 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2394 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2639 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6700 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6112 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1615 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1681 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9482 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5947 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9254 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1578 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6935 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 37061 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7207 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7271 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3620 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7069 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7175 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7353 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7529 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14958 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2506 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11842 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13812 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2058 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6299 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13784 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1689 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6006 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6003 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15837 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3324 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8888 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1751 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 40468 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7626 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5391 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16532 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7291 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7664 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5913 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1971 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 23915 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5457 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 13953 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6930 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11346 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6419 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6991 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2368 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2973 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6810 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6107 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6917 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 33940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2212 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2872 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5917 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1920 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8519 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10910 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7198 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6881 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6218 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3652 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10188 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5953 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6094 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1852 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5460 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15333 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7339 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6064 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1939 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9584 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 26550 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3859 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4010 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 4591 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12003 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 18056 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6134 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1501 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1552 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5755 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5840 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16817 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6302 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9751 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4124 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5494 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 35416 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3485 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5608 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7273 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7339 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5633 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9131 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7471 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 30875 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7256 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1600 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2113 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6238 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5784 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1582 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11004 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16873 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5999 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5528 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16584 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7206 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 18210 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6812 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8477 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6918 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1785 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5533 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1726 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9174 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 22238 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2134 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10044 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5668 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1889 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5426 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5322 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14521 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3210 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1572 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7457 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9369 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5895 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7517 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1600 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 42847 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5613 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7327 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14524 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1476 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3044 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8526 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5317 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9095 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1915 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8324 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13833 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9287 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7373 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15011 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4135 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5888 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3377 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14951 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3292 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5068 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5231 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5710 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5603 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1910 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1504 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7708 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7570 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2019 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 35529 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18170 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5657 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1934 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1742 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5781 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5959 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2073 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1959 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1536 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5974 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6360 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5667 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5603 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 35548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2729 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 43033 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7728 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7142 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5638 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5599 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2149 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1987 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5754 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 23018 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6098 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2648 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2307 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2729 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2443 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2253 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5833 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 35668 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3261 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7545 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5814 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16462 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5392 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7189 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7219 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5709 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5655 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1957 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1970 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15331 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6174 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6144 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 23629 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2036 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3566 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1845 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6030 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1980 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 35424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 25468 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5540 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5514 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15563 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3422 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7308 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1733 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9085 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7330 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14728 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2461 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6856 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6069 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7237 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2672 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2870 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9239 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6036 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6130 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14429 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6931 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 19062 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9207 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6152 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1987 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1553 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6175 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6238 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2406 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 19406 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6587 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 25809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7412 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2215 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5633 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1560 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 10086 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12650 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5960 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5887 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1651 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 15675 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7302 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1983 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20019 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7489 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7006 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2497 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1484 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3530 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5546 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7129 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16631 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3213 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5521 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5691 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10574 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1692 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9261 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5513 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7463 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2258 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5637 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5757 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1688 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1644 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6492 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1902 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1834 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 50719 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5830 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5685 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 33033 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2070 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3925 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5889 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5865 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2132 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5646 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5783 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 32659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13439 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7733 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 34525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5700 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5622 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5808 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1672 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1654 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3220 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6085 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6140 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 27115 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2507 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2654 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5923 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9269 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6604 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10056 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2025 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7796 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1968 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 18318 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5809 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1441 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8378 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2292 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5865 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2264 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8963 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2274 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6026 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8862 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 27144 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1821 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2025 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9483 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9510 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6510 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7099 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7403 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7255 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5789 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2080 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16726 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1722 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7614 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1471 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9260 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5923 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7425 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1556 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1725 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5372 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7071 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 34617 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6405 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6622 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1955 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10079 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6118 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1421 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1483 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26514 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5817 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2000 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9067 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5595 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1552 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1554 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5131 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5410 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2187 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1845 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1644 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 23782 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7850 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5368 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 47757 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6150 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1657 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1504 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1556 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16773 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5183 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6795 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1924 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 25885 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2432 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2293 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5932 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5782 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9450 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5909 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 19386 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2032 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7690 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11185 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6530 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1968 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10123 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5089 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5906 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 22401 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7012 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8316 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 22437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1801 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1847 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2040 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5823 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5646 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1614 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2039 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16403 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2613 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 22703 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2160 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2003 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9354 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6712 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 16641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7324 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3121 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2489 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6435 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6541 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 20023 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13245 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2160 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6906 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2644 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11989 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3168 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2355 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1590 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12713 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2268 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13365 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5448 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2007 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2457 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1919 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15731 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1655 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1646 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1614 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5461 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15006 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7069 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 37654 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7252 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8845 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1456 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1440 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6308 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16729 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2032 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5957 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1918 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5627 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17171 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7401 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1659 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7192 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 39340 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7569 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9530 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8394 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1541 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5367 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13798 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5549 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 22693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14208 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1484 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3008 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5695 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5642 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9057 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9115 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7342 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5625 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9298 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3361 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3428 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14249 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6091 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16688 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3388 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 12894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5819 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5958 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 30575 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 19400 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2357 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6710 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5948 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1654 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12832 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2541 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6069 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6222 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 17004 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9455 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3288 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6611 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6141 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8272 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2090 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8614 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1582 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8303 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6195 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6161 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 27321 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6335 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6358 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17164 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1549 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7227 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 18691 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7562 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7593 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3554 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5390 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7099 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2326 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2147 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5710 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7534 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2012 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6146 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1752 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6290 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1991 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5420 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5705 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2337 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 32215 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2972 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1986 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5889 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 51744 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1802 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5950 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14295 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6720 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2282 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1929 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12954 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9158 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6532 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6295 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14635 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11132 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2028 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1941 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5950 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5891 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 23012 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6328 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3224 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2270 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7105 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6514 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2436 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7713 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3345 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 30707 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2719 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3679 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5974 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9325 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3430 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9447 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7461 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7563 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7535 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2869 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4047 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2540 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 7284 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6096 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6166 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2507 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2431 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12351 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10597 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11060 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6013 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6040 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1933 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1917 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5517 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 36385 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6795 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2010 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5504 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 25276 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11563 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6478 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9829 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2552 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1892 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1847 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5957 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6869 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 18864 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 34876 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3128 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1991 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4215 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7051 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7160 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1433 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8874 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2174 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2142 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2133 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1886 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 25130 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5685 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1914 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5843 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 40220 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1695 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6243 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1933 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1892 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7830 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5996 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1780 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5757 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6034 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1511 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5987 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1952 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 51836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6305 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8186 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2020 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1909 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5742 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1610 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1760 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7490 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5777 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7355 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3380 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7159 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 57108 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1834 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5458 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8973 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14338 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5863 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5731 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1597 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16279 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7589 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5928 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7569 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9415 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7461 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5726 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10885 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13314 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7540 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7610 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7900 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6029 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1766 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5842 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5756 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5772 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9182 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3612 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6088 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7782 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 35816 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5878 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7690 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5719 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5720 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7546 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 26481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2025 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6312 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 15608 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7659 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1908 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3560 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2139 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6443 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6949 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26379 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2640 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6912 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6336 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6528 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2008 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1414 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 11119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4313 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2611 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6055 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7640 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6467 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1469 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1653 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9455 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8977 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5429 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1584 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1505 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1492 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13971 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6029 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6562 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2067 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1580 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1546 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 19529 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11194 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3476 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14751 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1635 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9203 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6155 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6149 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1493 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5603 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5173 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2025 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 18418 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10097 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11722 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11666 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1688 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7297 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5582 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2046 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5627 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5353 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 22098 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 60028 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1835 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7416 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9258 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5922 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7635 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1644 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1581 clo