Dining started
think 0
think 1
get 0
eat 0
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9738 clocks since last eat
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 12525 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13008 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13904 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2722 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6024 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2844 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4508 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7744 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9132 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7116 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8490 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2858 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2675 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5811 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7279 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6661 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10934 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6443 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7554 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1987 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3260 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3709 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1720 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7012 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7295 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6698 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7289 clocks since last eat
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2553 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4830 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7734 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7643 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2829 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11301 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6380 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7328 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1552 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9695 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8086 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7780 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7784 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7352 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3304 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7781 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7992 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6860 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3715 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1772 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6817 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7948 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6581 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2715 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8000 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3857 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6484 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9103 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9091 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1395 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3974 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3319 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5029 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6715 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15174 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6263 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1802 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3607 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3622 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8097 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5192 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6912 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7249 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1489 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3976 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7500 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6645 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7893 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7517 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 4527 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3596 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7215 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6013 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9597 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7956 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3075 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 20906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 19320 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 19880 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 19652 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7453 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7248 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6598 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2380 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2075 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1445 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2524 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6453 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5499 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7215 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 966 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 18859 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11727 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12559 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15006 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5941 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7118 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8457 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2364 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2078 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13064 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13925 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8324 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1550 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6111 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5745 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 20741 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1375 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 962 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5295 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5366 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6366 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5971 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5895 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5250 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5782 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 40382 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5739 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7027 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9001 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8404 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7049 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1781 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1502 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2992 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1379 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2604 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7029 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7750 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3272 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 26967 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7591 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6103 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8000 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3922 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3705 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5937 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7407 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2488 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8003 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 12989 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8135 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2721 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9120 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9437 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6830 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3972 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 13976 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8478 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8304 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7600 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1536 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3594 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9922 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8738 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8679 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2517 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5823 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6248 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14490 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6814 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1762 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3234 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3728 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1456 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3453 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3642 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7977 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6972 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12899 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8133 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7202 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8720 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4131 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11521 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12176 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11505 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6950 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8663 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 22198 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5485 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2209 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7572 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4223 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 10362 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5481 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5124 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7804 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1762 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9558 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6197 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8246 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6178 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7367 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6664 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8170 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2460 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 16228 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2653 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8674 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10568 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13535 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2693 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11981 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 18033 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7875 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2587 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6088 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5983 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6030 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13924 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8173 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7242 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8199 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8907 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6610 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7420 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2280 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10304 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8121 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2729 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3389 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7224 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8160 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7105 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6975 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 922 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6977 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10552 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1502 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7590 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13728 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7279 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 5783 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 22489 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2755 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9552 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 4057 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8647 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8576 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8350 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12918 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10060 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6785 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 14752 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10424 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7260 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2858 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1692 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4258 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8252 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1532 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7843 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2931 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7301 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5956 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7663 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2297 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16851 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5998 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7608 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2000 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9436 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9125 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8588 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6883 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6299 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8163 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 13791 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2818 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1475 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15993 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2891 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8622 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11489 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 22464 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 11745 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12419 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2157 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9675 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8651 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1319 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1590 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6861 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5527 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6538 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8041 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7856 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5928 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7923 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5970 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7888 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7962 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2504 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8950 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8203 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6337 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7835 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7084 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7267 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5843 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8956 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8217 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2217 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2255 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3770 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6941 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7464 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1878 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7892 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8142 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2076 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7409 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6903 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6445 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3467 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2611 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8126 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6256 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8764 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9760 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7603 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8389 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7482 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1490 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4127 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7476 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8228 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7032 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6719 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1926 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3702 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1585 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7482 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7694 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6792 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7237 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 25483 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 23917 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 26619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 27971 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8161 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8241 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13368 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6777 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12856 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6440 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7863 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20384 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7407 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6867 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11042 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10906 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7549 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7518 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6067 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5817 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5976 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2065 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14037 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6148 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7723 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10816 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5605 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6346 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3217 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2949 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2106 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3614 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8361 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8531 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8460 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2414 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8986 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6995 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7039 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6213 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7684 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7666 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7673 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6694 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8234 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7259 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5896 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9068 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7918 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2686 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2519 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3679 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7528 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7467 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7277 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8346 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3906 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8484 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6306 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8300 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11833 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6466 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8220 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6409 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2127 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1889 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4306 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7550 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6023 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8155 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6870 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1144 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3095 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7433 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5633 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7679 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2916 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8079 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6921 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8236 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10826 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11832 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6778 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3431 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 11434 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 18393 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16489 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 15770 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5903 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2169 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11340 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6381 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7251 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7614 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2885 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4396 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5902 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7575 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6000 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2388 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8345 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7031 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1339 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7814 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7653 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8399 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7088 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8251 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8136 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8368 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14282 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9164 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9445 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6814 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6532 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6023 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8088 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12717 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 14704 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14141 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7428 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2409 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8931 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7101 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7149 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6644 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8226 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2820 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7945 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7164 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2058 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8671 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10218 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8147 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3197 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9128 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7066 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9115 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8117 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8176 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3550 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7429 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7902 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7623 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8458 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4014 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2488 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6589 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6492 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6297 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7053 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2230 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2233 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8366 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7472 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7740 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8004 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3787 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5428 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1329 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9685 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13420 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7970 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7487 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7898 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3559 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13456 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11149 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 12763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 11507 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9034 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11077 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 14913 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 13077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1196 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4110 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 12492 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12982 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8073 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7926 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1214 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 879 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9134 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5746 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15935 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 18627 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 16417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4986 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8096 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 26520 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8800 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5058 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6605 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1756 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11897 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6806 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6829 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12315 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6462 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8998 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6598 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7017 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8274 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2255 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1889 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13993 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 19037 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 12676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6491 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1844 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12785 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
put 3
think 1
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9850 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8432 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8119 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8392 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6489 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6211 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8087 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2957 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1882 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 19016 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 18891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 463 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4009 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 5704 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 32279 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7706 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 32844 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10195 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7910 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1577 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13823 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 21740 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 21143 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 22336 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2458 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2220 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10753 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2702 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2221 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4936 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 31741 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1630 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12755 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 17162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15374 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1230 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6078 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11840 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7284 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11732 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13428 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5410 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3278 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6606 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8466 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2759 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 22693 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7752 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1183 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8879 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8050 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9133 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7652 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3737 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1586 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8874 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6984 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7854 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14759 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6217 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1963 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14928 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13638 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11776 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5938 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7344 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16689 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6817 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6499 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8117 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3930 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9050 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 20985 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 20920 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 23326 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4017 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1757 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2250 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2325 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6242 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2163 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2450 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 31896 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 1375 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12807 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12322 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 969 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1141 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4275 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 849 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 359 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6600 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 938 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 23395 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5719 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13866 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 15587 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15400 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 43922 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5944 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13404 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 1810 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1359 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3432 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13253 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7424 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7091 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12702 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5865 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13026 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5093 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6633 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6158 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 22814 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 25081 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1342 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1743 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4321 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7356 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 908 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6947 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7046 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1805 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1517 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6807 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 23078 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7148 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17431 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8296 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1616 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 23954 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5833 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13699 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7010 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6540 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5181 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13158 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14543 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 16824 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7425 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8723 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10539 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8235 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1297 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3815 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1587 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12638 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11920 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5191 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20424 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 17370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6281 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6534 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5637 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6755 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1591 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2866 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5010 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 19356 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10827 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11054 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12925 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8055 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10573 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9800 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2548 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2498 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6028 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 19249 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6578 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3016 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8182 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1815 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10880 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9381 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11516 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9222 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1542 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7216 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8242 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1282 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8668 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4281 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 5962 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16564 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5343 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9833 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 22702 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15635 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5728 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 31898 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6497 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8827 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3713 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6908 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8815 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9450 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 12375 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1191 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5564 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1217 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2925 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9653 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1051 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 17186 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 35165 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 47062 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 43759 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9295 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 36701 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 19545 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 21247 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15953 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2280 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10693 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 17044 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7431 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2175 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3639 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14288 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8473 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12814 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6212 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1335 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 14504 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3162 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 926 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2150 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10003 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 21122 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 13451 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11766 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 587 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2250 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6414 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9897 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11271 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1848 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12996 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7932 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7671 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4489 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1812 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10596 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9184 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3466 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15598 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 11895 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5305 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6541 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6773 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8359 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6746 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 830 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5110 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4878 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8271 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10442 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3819 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9189 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11858 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8850 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3177 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11027 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 12535 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 11701 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11292 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1403 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2161 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 787 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 681 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1015 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2788 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 22577 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9022 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1209 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 13126 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4558 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16755 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9670 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16496 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16274 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 16678 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10409 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6131 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3391 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8808 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9585 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5989 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10420 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15390 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10998 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1943 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 4581 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 18655 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10110 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6893 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5907 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5889 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2787 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 32833 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 20427 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11106 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1806 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10998 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6703 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 19507 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2460 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5767 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2036 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7735 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7207 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7653 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7571 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2663 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7867 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6484 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7945 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7572 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1961 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7806 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6292 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12737 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17003 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10989 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10995 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5356 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1649 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9723 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10030 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15158 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3448 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11791 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2288 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4048 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7031 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10031 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1462 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 13627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 12867 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2205 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7448 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2610 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9019 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8169 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8569 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3306 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6348 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 15408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6773 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12495 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7936 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8497 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4953 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6808 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6168 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6883 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20834 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 26921 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8000 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 10256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3400 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1101 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9670 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3220 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3591 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1238 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1667 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13932 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6508 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8012 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7476 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5763 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10272 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1037 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6400 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 18265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2837 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 50480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13150 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 20266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10612 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 20979 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3001 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9352 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6947 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8555 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6563 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6409 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8151 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11453 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5068 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1053 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1284 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 21101 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8823 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6954 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7243 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 720 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5684 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13525 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1667 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6700 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 21269 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2042 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9223 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9885 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8597 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2222 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8976 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7646 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3048 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8152 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8470 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2496 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10075 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9897 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 14222 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10095 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10023 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 18847 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1741 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6688 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6441 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13344 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8564 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10206 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9520 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3684 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3994 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2957 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 753 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7563 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2278 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 18147 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6952 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7064 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17977 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6376 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5794 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6105 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1288 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 21210 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 16688 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 15495 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7628 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 18174 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 27992 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14751 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7048 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10340 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8015 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7011 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13635 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7993 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5794 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 20253 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8030 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7026 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6213 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5310 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1935 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16290 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3334 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3185 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3377 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7186 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5651 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7828 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8228 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2932 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2952 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1443 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5385 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 12371 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 11323 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6531 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2283 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 14757 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2461 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2529 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1966 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9302 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10866 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13297 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 11908 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3056 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 11723 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6739 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1487 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1034 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5160 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4591 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13283 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2218 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10009 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3324 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11558 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8480 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 14357 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4451 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16434 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7039 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3269 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2699 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8430 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6989 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7345 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13825 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10306 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8187 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9579 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10054 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13511 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13590 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 18245 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7414 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7421 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2482 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 14709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10027 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 19066 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16148 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 27894 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 17640 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12103 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7738 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1132 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6575 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3148 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5836 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 14224 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11774 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13657 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12036 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 15041 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7504 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13266 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7311 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7074 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2144 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9473 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9693 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 16567 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 23787 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14753 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 18684 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3223 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5716 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6539 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8197 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2297 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4144 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10918 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7317 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 16434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1202 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5733 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7143 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 22346 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8317 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 14354 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 11297 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2264 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4514 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11418 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8165 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16270 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13526 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3846 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7821 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9184 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11825 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7874 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4453 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6138 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8571 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8177 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1036 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4483 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4224 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1822 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7064 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4663 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3639 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5415 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 4617 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 4081 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1739 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7670 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9793 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7330 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8697 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2962 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12642 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1135 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 13128 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 17018 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3169 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 11360 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 23286 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10661 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7509 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5279 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1333 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 18062 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 4242 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6218 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5457 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 35718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2627 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9593 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7193 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7531 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9173 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5913 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5810 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5448 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6492 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8025 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17237 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9135 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1649 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8126 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7222 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3562 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2879 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9555 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 12408 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13753 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6374 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10048 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12920 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6258 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12925 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8155 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8439 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3095 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14240 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8333 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8167 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8277 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6409 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8292 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6704 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7942 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3027 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9390 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7841 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13033 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6217 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12852 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7453 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7560 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8259 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7877 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3053 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2467 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10250 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1630 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6394 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6303 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10690 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6174 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 4716 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13995 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 19816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14661 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7603 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2805 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10007 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7600 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1980 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15150 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9541 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8976 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2694 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12831 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7083 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6708 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7794 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2698 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8417 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8747 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2003 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7958 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7705 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6626 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5344 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6919 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9590 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2826 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2709 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8034 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3460 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13674 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 20210 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12357 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6608 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 13102 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6874 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6835 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8978 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6991 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2159 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2583 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7140 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2969 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14486 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8508 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10009 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9125 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7988 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7983 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2427 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6699 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 16830 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7279 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6621 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2965 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2729 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3170 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9175 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6635 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7197 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12889 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16069 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2865 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8678 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6382 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6545 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14529 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 18009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6778 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14783 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2618 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8142 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6967 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1698 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7119 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9309 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2540 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6565 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6464 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8731 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7802 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2191 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9729 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7954 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11834 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6655 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14562 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8661 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8088 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2194 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3728 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6209 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6107 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8176 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2044 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7718 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13611 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1838 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9538 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13612 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9300 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6256 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1919 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3592 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13699 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6999 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7057 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1619 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7037 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1387 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8691 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10781 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11009 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 12507 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2049 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10286 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 11727 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8068 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7154 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9679 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7127 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5124 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9769 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8935 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8940 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9240 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3072 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7001 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9000 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1699 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16814 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2441 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9316 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7972 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8021 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8076 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7863 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7476 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6187 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8385 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2313 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2472 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7068 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6027 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1573 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2115 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16058 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9465 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12679 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12724 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5063 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6226 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8091 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12360 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14725 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7240 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1283 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8271 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8085 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9010 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2393 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5488 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1846 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10094 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15973 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3953 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 12316 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13300 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8202 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1893 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9186 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5911 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 15763 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6353 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2297 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14676 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6927 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9403 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9300 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6733 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8168 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2403 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14120 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13905 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1749 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 15946 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8682 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7160 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6695 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5316 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 21366 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1966 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3313 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9436 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7520 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7190 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6743 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9983 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3603 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8589 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7300 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9786 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8139 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1515 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6595 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8295 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5638 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2252 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1573 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3326 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2215 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7796 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7608 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2787 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8483 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9258 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3065 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8429 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1440 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7285 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9657 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9141 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7994 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8741 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8970 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7889 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3828 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 1629 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9200 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12302 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11124 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4892 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12504 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5894 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 5896 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6902 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7253 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6365 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7965 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2703 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2519 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3125 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3110 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7449 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9187 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8019 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1453 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 5073 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9968 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8748 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8837 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11200 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4244 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6697 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2120 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3311 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7200 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6784 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5746 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7320 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3045 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1980 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14679 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8594 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7647 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3198 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3037 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9816 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3116 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11177 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8942 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1459 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10590 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4691 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2809 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6818 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4147 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3954 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8390 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7973 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 11135 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9694 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3228 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6749 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2538 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 12945 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7215 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15333 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1798 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2235 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7912 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6623 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1370 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2227 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 14310 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6265 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7898 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2490 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 5726 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7551 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9595 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8382 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1877 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4238 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4281 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3023 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5932 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7400 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8180 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10291 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2777 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8932 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6413 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8045 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2362 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8407 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3460 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7510 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7545 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6763 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3151 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9372 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7106 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1121 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6478 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2252 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6526 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7206 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1584 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10898 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5497 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 23228 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3717 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9141 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9780 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8483 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7397 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7693 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3791 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2788 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8243 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7980 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4157 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6070 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2238 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2638 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2284 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9818 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7931 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8200 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8294 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8431 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7317 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7973 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2220 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9337 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7873 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3356 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 1603 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6691 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6319 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6200 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3038 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1838 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 16460 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6692 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6112 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7864 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3195 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4889 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6476 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8032 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2177 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2158 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3987 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15090 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7349 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1951 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8047 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8880 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3885 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6652 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7948 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6762 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7213 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4060 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7377 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8370 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8179 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2408 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7994 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1112 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1499 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7950 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7931 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6853 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7542 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1582 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3190 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3317 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6892 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6961 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1872 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7501 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3720 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6966 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8507 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8991 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7601 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3598 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3453 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7550 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7153 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7318 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7865 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3604 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2522 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6396 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8988 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1993 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7735 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3083 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2112 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6994 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8878 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6285 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6820 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3169 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3782 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3248 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2319 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8770 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7122 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2840 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1682 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3388 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 13818 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7883 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12957 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6704 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7431 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8749 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4164 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3798 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4165 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8550 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6675 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8792 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8045 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7974 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7750 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9362 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3308 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 12935 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6730 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2331 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7977 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2769 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9587 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7318 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7081 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6804 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9946 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7459 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7630 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6857 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10104 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4455 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3931 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9786 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7802 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11128 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5077 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5385 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1482 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 18562 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5138 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5152 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8285 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7558 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1200 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 18480 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10786 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9558 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 22210 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1576 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7949 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7159 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12764 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6520 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6874 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2618 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2426 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 14170 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6766 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7196 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2130 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3918 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8531 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8411 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9401 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1627 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14000 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8022 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6767 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2273 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2118 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8955 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2648 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6815 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1288 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9104 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11029 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7660 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9034 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 12704 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7779 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 14479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6447 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 1662 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10597 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 12332 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 5911 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2574 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2221 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8605 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9014 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1381 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8425 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10415 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9339 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7258 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8566 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7846 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7557 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 885 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4449 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1528 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11231 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9687 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9958 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1146 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 16311 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6494 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6346 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5985 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1996 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7820 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2851 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 10062 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8521 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8702 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3156 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15264 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7582 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6694 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7158 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9235 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7692 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8718 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8014 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2077 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6623 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8753 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6683 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1768 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3121 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3518 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6555 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2030 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8101 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1588 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1901 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7443 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5873 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6614 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 12563 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 16157 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1799 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10240 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2797 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6684 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8199 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7119 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2294 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7653 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9202 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9164 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6832 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2620 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3970 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6059 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5294 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8147 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7524 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2906 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1975 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8169 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8044 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6920 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8205 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3372 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2116 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8506 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5684 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1992 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4089 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3712 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1657 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7580 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9470 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12938 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1554 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7073 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7218 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1949 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2408 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6264 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6425 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2408 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 17536 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8288 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1321 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3181 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7487 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6214 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8638 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7373 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6212 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6986 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2206 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7198 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8424 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7912 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7898 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7914 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12740 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7329 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8031 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 13185 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7236 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8885 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1844 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11379 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6109 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5806 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7023 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11093 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14609 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14533 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6323 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2737 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4599 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 35275 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13564 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9614 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3202 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10601 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6136 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7362 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1406 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1233 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7312 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2190 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8301 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8488 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8163 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1596 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10610 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8881 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8523 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3229 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8777 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14596 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7957 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7014 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7811 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2023 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7925 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2628 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6956 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6649 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8306 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8566 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2683 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4706 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9105 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7432 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2207 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7895 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9237 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7602 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6614 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3026 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5836 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14005 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10742 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8864 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10324 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8359 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8006 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8205 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2797 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2462 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5050 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4680 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2912 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2414 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3222 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7491 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9441 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6625 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7973 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13990 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8919 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9228 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7709 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9325 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6900 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2911 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2715 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8738 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2079 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9643 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9506 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7572 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 15359 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7144 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 12519 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7142 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7356 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2763 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8279 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6637 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8249 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 11655 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6913 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1501 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 17734 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7270 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13879 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13139 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8039 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7657 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3140 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3344 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14884 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7491 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6934 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6728 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8825 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9472 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8599 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9618 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5801 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7137 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7367 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9539 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3472 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2136 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8246 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8644 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1175 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1557 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7887 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9427 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1505 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3511 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7537 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5952 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8781 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9144 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4391 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5866 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8197 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7164 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7945 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11476 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5566 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7274 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7097 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7066 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3903 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9994 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7558 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9484 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11657 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7924 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7731 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2313 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7197 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1635 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3136 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7258 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7254 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1829 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7703 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3284 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7396 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7748 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7195 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9502 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3984 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9890 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8559 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1291 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6970 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9305 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8294 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7241 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7760 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1951 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2683 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4477 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6230 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10231 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7724 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 13313 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16508 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2703 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4138 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13685 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8073 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8770 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3187 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9193 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7205 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7147 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7187 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7120 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2807 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2721 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2849 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3059 clocks since last eat
put 2
put 3
think 2
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6177 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8169 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7695 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7721 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 4053 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7632 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5526 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8173 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2827 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2272 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 4575 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9541 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5261 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7392 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3439 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3376 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3465 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3421 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6991 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6728 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8546 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12965 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6757 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10849 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7963 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7913 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7708 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7551 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2463 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6468 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 686 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11675 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15674 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7253 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1338 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8012 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7477 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1464 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6742 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5709 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5920 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11429 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8630 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2775 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2785 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 37533 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9643 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9168 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2461 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8936 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6335 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5899 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15851 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7042 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6583 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9222 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7729 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13278 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7719 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10510 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2965 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3188 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2455 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3525 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7941 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8368 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7564 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1612 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3019 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2096 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2077 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5155 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5092 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1510 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6384 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5096 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4938 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1042 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1623 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8103 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1570 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3225 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3523 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5806 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 26959 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7899 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7435 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1623 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7363 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1950 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12860 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5473 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7304 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2130 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3923 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7691 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7400 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2595 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13667 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9287 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9120 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7169 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7561 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2454 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8135 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2998 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1926 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8104 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8260 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7108 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7954 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3307 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3270 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6991 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1957 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6853 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 14043 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8823 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8923 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11055 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7362 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9559 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9523 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2529 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3628 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9541 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7009 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6989 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10298 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2836 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8326 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7024 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6910 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6993 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6939 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3379 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8893 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7866 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7852 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7493 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1767 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 4305 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6367 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6710 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5935 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1509 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2977 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3361 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2622 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7383 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7272 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7605 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8154 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2167 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8321 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13220 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6903 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1914 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13575 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15004 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6021 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7928 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8835 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9086 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7345 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10296 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8246 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13572 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8731 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11779 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6415 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5570 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7533 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2545 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7557 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6605 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9438 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3957 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3100 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2931 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2568 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5486 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6613 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7727 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7018 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2802 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2954 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6898 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9312 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1608 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7558 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3414 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1326 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7070 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6877 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7139 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7274 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2158 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3960 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4201 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6338 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7022 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2000 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7831 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2968 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5017 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7262 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8513 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8121 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8469 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5204 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3179 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7335 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6933 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6582 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6537 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2198 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2569 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1769 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7022 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7173 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7688 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2863 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4233 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 13620 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8082 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2698 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5195 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9112 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7371 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9072 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7258 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1106 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3015 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5483 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8852 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7666 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7711 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3011 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3337 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3434 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3872 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6958 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7297 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7275 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2300 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8085 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3473 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3439 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7217 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9081 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13746 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7065 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8489 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10226 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6714 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6365 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1027 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7528 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7578 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8460 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7509 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8236 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8361 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8389 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16664 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15499 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1628 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 11535 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 12909 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4153 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2670 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6447 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6320 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8553 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2320 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8562 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2520 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2230 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7955 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6974 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7302 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8846 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3645 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6375 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8877 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14260 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7878 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6909 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3331 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1924 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7261 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7775 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7902 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7979 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7715 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8740 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3376 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3010 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3714 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2030 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7285 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8264 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7269 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2220 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8104 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3822 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6910 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8433 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8163 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3127 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2700 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 13092 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7360 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2229 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7632 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8842 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3412 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7347 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6614 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7920 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7063 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2050 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3155 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4290 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6898 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6428 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7644 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2837 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1839 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8471 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7994 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7740 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7726 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2453 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1967 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7614 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7536 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7544 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7979 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2803 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4307 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7038 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5807 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7411 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2435 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2564 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6456 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7847 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7201 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7655 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7179 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9070 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2885 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9647 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4318 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8104 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8156 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8019 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8189 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2825 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4259 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7342 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5663 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7658 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1636 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9043 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3915 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4161 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6096 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7649 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1844 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8229 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2009 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3611 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3921 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7262 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7200 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2575 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11917 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7416 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2422 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8404 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9470 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3741 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3717 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6552 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9179 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6694 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8822 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2535 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8357 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6769 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9467 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7717 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3553 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3023 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3140 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3027 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7473 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7661 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6877 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7490 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8085 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8464 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2261 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3415 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5499 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5412 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1796 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7185 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6801 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 21760 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6718 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3404 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10308 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6671 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6891 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8621 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2532 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4301 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6244 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8110 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9065 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1091 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3158 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6001 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8590 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7563 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7997 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4427 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8130 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6758 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10127 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1953 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3356 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3560 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6679 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6252 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6028 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7954 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2716 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4982 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7369 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9311 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6549 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2504 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9073 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2242 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7121 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8984 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8054 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8053 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2565 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7684 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7069 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2994 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9257 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2977 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9293 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9544 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7085 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13081 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 15573 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2318 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13003 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8501 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5929 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2569 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9925 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4235 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 10516 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6633 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8413 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7863 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2609 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7000 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6044 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7263 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7208 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3442 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1962 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3130 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8350 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6315 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6471 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8176 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3359 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9881 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8273 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6850 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3312 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7272 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5852 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7508 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
get 1
eat 1
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2715 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2637 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3044 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4966 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6129 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8958 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8669 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3384 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2698 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3773 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5956 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7189 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8107 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1977 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3377 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8278 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3377 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7515 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7614 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8016 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7853 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2401 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7708 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7598 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7770 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 11670 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7517 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7804 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7231 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8830 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2671 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4226 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3339 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7403 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7927 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7928 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3896 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7977 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7825 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2120 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8906 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9295 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2985 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6082 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5766 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8331 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8031 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8516 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7848 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9141 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8268 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3462 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3437 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6879 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8511 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7091 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7436 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2008 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2397 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 4281 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1715 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7598 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6702 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9011 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7710 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3504 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6728 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7037 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8306 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2436 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4107 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2941 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6697 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7214 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6749 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6061 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2356 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3511 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3120 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7702 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7671 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7608 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2055 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10048 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7628 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7267 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2200 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3251 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8380 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2126 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7920 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7894 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7500 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3425 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4024 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3970 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7020 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5693 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7616 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8337 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3947 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4039 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9251 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7486 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9260 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3114 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8570 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2618 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4461 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6117 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5917 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7816 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
get 1
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7041 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3174 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6903 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8506 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7950 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7845 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3895 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7823 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7238 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7592 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2173 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8002 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2896 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2819 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2819 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6343 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6407 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2298 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7537 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3144 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3212 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6789 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8700 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2396 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3837 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7148 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3436 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8844 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3729 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6975 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7753 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7806 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3358 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8765 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6801 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8171 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7540 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7111 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3363 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6484 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7773 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7210 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1568 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3013 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3161 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1542 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1987 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7168 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8030 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6220 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2425 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7633 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2862 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3017 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7382 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6091 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7993 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6439 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1675 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1556 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4238 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1980 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6690 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6426 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8408 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7783 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1628 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3246 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6273 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7730 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7161 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9202 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3381 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7700 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7721 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7855 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2351 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4032 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5523 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4574 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1451 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4753 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2092 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6463 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7971 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7385 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6841 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8490 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2651 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3747 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6174 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7997 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7499 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7092 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3501 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2861 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8138 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6983 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8776 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7973 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3153 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6219 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6801 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6712 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9446 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3274 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8301 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8248 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7280 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8541 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2768 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2731 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2645 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9537 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8495 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8542 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12513 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7168 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7545 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7209 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3106 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6984 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7275 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2040 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7551 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8732 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6555 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6724 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8328 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6972 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3190 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1692 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3373 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3647 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 3
think 3
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6554 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7144 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6958 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7071 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2803 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2324 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3739 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7154 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7000 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7336 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1936 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7580 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3329 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6446 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6194 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7859 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7094 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2899 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9125 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6354 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7552 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1797 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9935 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2122 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2066 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9264 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
Philosopher 3: 8325 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7764 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7481 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2813 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9337 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2478 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9791 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12069 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12283 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4023 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5614 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3327 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6987 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7188 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6952 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3784 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3019 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10926 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9174 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8269 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10164 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3188 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4550 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6454 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8073 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1553 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7420 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7396 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2363 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5929 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5759 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6956 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1602 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3525 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3700 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7044 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6365 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7150 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1550 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3451 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3346 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7628 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6543 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6917 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2184 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3848 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13860 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7443 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7738 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7954 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2094 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4007 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2228 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2327 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5778 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6640 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7125 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2145 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3986 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4582 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7148 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6723 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7987 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7062 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 10068 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12527 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11081 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12574 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7080 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6339 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7878 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8013 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4041 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7698 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7746 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7322 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7144 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3768 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4747 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6254 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8029 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7331 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11899 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6428 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8533 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8945 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2706 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3517 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5054 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6527 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6089 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6073 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5881 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2530 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2520 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1824 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3421 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7923 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8086 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2433 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8732 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9118 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2553 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7866 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5898 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6583 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8630 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2849 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3273 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5050 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6490 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5807 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8095 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3017 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7973 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7930 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6967 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8901 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2565 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4882 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8559 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6878 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8367 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7009 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2788 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2693 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8832 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8060 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9509 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3391 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2947 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5597 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5830 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7608 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6817 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7348 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6352 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8905 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9008 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3690 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9488 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 794 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8212 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7162 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 10683 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7334 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2542 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7790 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6886 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6617 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8113 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7979 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7337 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2588 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9504 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3600 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2203 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8236 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8987 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7365 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3130 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8714 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6719 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7974 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6480 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8051 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2315 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3902 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3489 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1683 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7892 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9305 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7291 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2371 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8345 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2814 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6931 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6020 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7048 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6367 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1829 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3114 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3068 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2960 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6865 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5283 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7472 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2608 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9445 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2446 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3875 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6915 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6677 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6271 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2682 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8112 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6735 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8238 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7847 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3721 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2828 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4649 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7492 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9425 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2193 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2179 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8912 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6412 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5066 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6473 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7133 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1976 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1766 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 4047 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 4232 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1297 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7333 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6400 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8541 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7027 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2653 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4308 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7014 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8501 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6778 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8692 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3224 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3082 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5743 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7302 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7019 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7404 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3407 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2321 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7068 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7017 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6805 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2988 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2953 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1379 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7751 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8150 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7904 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2873 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8948 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3436 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6002 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8569 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8646 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8457 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3453 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6530 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7773 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7080 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1628 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3286 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3848 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7153 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8548 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7553 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7872 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7102 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7685 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1967 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3649 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10145 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5921 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5271 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7820 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8125 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1539 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2915 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2000 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4011 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6994 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5887 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7462 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2617 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10066 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6987 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8113 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10716 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3367 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13961 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6847 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9393 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9396 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3068 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9627 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7238 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7397 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3440 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2742 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3238 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10002 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7317 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9038 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7952 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7558 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7415 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7238 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6556 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3352 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6100 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7920 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8311 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9224 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3526 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 5938 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10057 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6732 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6398 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7678 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6442 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7946 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7181 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7057 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2674 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3082 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2108 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2275 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8231 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6555 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6977 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2492 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7965 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3215 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8025 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6759 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8496 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8584 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2136 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4158 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7841 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8794 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6784 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7330 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3016 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4019 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1900 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3560 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7645 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6408 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6322 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6541 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1695 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2982 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6836 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8081 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7175 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2320 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3446 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 12763 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7345 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2212 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7692 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9116 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3153 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7532 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6319 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7972 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7989 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3188 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1745 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7429 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7886 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6706 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2155 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 4630 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14784 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6750 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2468 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8355 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2131 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4294 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3820 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2387 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8579 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2199 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8608 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8577 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2470 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5708 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6562 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8622 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7288 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3809 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3309 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2898 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6821 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6770 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6473 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8020 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3514 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6509 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6142 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8398 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6515 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2556 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3860 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1951 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 4644 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3125 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8425 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1452 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7769 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8262 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2433 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6790 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7017 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7208 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 10229 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4022 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3270 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2203 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5012 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5005 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6447 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7686 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7408 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3304 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5894 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7248 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7278 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2623 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2492 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6155 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9849 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6626 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8253 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4077 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7713 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6804 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8167 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7834 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2658 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7781 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6879 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7232 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2146 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4188 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2143 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7721 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7494 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7019 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7569 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2866 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 4978 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3254 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6625 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6314 clocks since last eat
put 2
put 3
think 3
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6434 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2489 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3154 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8582 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5315 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7741 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8071 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8237 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3027 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2833 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 4481 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6533 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8051 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7446 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7497 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2362 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3784 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7614 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7795 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8605 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2119 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2581 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5199 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9310 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8772 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3091 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8849 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3105 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6300 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8576 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8467 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3258 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1934 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5247 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9253 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7910 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7749 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3651 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3714 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2431 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4533 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4559 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11801 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6178 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4673 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6633 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3658 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2915 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5996 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7833 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8807 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8477 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3401 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8190 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7067 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8412 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7790 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3061 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2886 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7887 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7310 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8894 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8375 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4265 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4639 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4157 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7794 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2456 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7937 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4207 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2515 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7877 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6410 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8377 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9309 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3205 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2851 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8450 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2012 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7842 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9356 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8438 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6531 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1439 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7304 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7047 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9307 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3527 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8989 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8527 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
get 0
put 1
think 1
think 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7897 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9420 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3791 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8089 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7552 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2941 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9104 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2993 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7784 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7597 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7293 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8105 clocks since last eat
put 3
put 2
think 2
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2338 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2208 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2401 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9477 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6788 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7119 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9663 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2935 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9424 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6658 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8916 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9177 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2557 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4449 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8001 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6178 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8410 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2762 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3205 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2701 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2299 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6249 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6470 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8326 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1461 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7880 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3240 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5713 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5363 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7093 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6216 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3440 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3931 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8443 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8331 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8041 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7730 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2833 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6737 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9038 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2397 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3797 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2936 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 15928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8326 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2581 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9329 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 13550 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7328 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7204 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2705 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8324 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3513 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7085 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6111 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9213 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8021 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1958 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3295 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2746 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7454 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3317 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9200 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3533 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6117 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7056 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1994 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1975 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7533 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6950 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8784 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7808 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3168 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9585 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7523 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8080 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8132 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2527 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 4547 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8471 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7539 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10306 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2706 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9714 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9080 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6599 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7194 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9367 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2997 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7242 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7557 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2216 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7610 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2571 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2510 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6883 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8206 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7407 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 4488 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9729 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8021 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7947 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7816 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2915 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3037 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3138 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2849 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6823 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7771 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2708 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8361 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14949 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8356 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8935 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9130 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2168 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9124 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8411 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8327 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1653 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10048 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 4047 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5767 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7386 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6076 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8730 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3670 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6357 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7708 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10580 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8430 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3527 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9279 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8420 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2541 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8600 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10104 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8006 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8145 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6791 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1301 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3443 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2897 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6060 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6549 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6406 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2384 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7503 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6200 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8298 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8633 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1870 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9019 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9381 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8107 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8015 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2953 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3908 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2226 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9120 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1916 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8411 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3186 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3539 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7849 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7824 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10238 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4558 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7899 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2386 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9360 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6163 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8328 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15079 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6747 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3463 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3677 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8264 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9976 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8829 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8312 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2683 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4767 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2903 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7319 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2131 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7467 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8895 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3796 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7494 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6934 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3093 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9014 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2875 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8285 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7201 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7282 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2807 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 11957 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7902 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7723 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7830 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4864 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3797 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7485 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6828 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8601 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2657 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4543 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7596 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6194 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6345 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7808 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2514 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2123 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2485 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3791 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
get 1
think 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10506 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10633 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12444 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12188 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3022 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2013 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7662 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8294 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7133 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1959 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1814 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8169 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9553 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6842 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6353 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1991 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2741 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1953 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7313 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9288 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13605 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11703 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2822 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10091 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7315 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8958 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7957 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3175 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2606 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8462 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6948 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8300 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3576 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7382 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9360 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1832 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4207 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9063 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7728 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7381 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9280 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2982 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9263 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7695 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2162 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9627 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9200 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2508 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7810 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7735 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7798 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2321 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8707 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10319 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7776 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8434 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3810 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6115 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7181 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8894 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2643 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3157 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9647 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7168 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7155 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10611 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7684 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1632 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7203 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7644 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8253 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3306 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9739 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5356 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7188 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9262 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8070 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3215 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3558 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2133 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2532 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1932 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6455 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8231 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7717 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8550 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5982 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8161 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8030 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6341 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 1604 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3015 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9511 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7735 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7304 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9181 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3000 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8053 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10168 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6913 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9275 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3492 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7563 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6058 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7332 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 10039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2129 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4074 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3935 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8206 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6782 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8057 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7802 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2540 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6806 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9422 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8397 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3441 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2634 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7949 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7283 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6024 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2166 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2041 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2921 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10286 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6733 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6717 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6087 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4096 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4026 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8510 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 10118 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8828 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8313 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3455 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3334 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6938 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8145 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8282 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8423 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2777 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8218 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7255 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1666 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7420 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7372 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3121 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2680 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3023 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8386 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7609 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2351 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8655 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1710 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7800 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8842 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7881 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2160 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1714 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13891 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7124 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8752 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7506 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3573 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10420 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8426 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10777 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 10156 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4735 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4255 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7003 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1598 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3297 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3515 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6523 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7327 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2217 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7719 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8515 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7143 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6404 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8865 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2348 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8168 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7092 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7038 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6592 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8055 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4188 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8256 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8113 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8917 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7625 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9416 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9867 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7682 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9476 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3100 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1733 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3719 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3732 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6128 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6698 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1820 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7334 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1974 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9044 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7835 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6565 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7791 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7556 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1785 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3229 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3632 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6856 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6873 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7024 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
put 1
eat 2
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8656 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2249 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4118 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 4398 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6844 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5780 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7796 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7913 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3156 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2381 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6246 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7473 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11030 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10244 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8909 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7872 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9818 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3627 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2963 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9084 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6610 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1775 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6855 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8110 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4108 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3209 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7450 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9217 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3203 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9107 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8018 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7925 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7358 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2782 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7046 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6171 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6488 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8254 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2708 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2684 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2204 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8399 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7406 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2208 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7629 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8323 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5443 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7839 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7283 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2080 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10189 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 4135 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7768 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7454 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7083 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6896 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3660 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4210 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8286 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8646 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7542 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3327 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1972 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5846 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7264 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
get 1
eat 1
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1308 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9554 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8398 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8613 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7550 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7579 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3082 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2793 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6058 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9191 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8306 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7167 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2044 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2820 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8744 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7105 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8496 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2901 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8988 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7073 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8258 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8205 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2502 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3677 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13322 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7229 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3437 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9365 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2345 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7054 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5454 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7445 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3071 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3847 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1989 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3770 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6354 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6038 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6869 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8528 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3429 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3228 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7201 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7338 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7730 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1984 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1408 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7859 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8064 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7539 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7100 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2697 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5553 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7464 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7484 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7317 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2344 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8228 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8362 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8310 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2264 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8271 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 4378 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2562 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2883 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6960 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7023 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6704 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7343 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2902 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2863 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6804 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6476 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6111 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8211 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6636 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5090 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7328 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7610 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2775 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7381 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5810 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9131 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7906 clocks since last eat
get 0
put 2
eat 0
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1477 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3779 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7557 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6049 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8056 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8070 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3863 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7660 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7240 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9144 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7304 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4281 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3551 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3240 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3300 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6345 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6667 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2668 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2662 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2615 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2698 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6179 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5972 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7260 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11375 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7652 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2713 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8957 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2815 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3391 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2605 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6530 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6356 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2801 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8990 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5342 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7039 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9225 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9254 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1902 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7445 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2481 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8327 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7153 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7447 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2184 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2240 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1757 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7542 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6675 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8959 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3243 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 14821 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9664 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9395 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7885 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4017 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3792 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9289 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9372 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7559 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7618 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3834 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2889 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2515 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9736 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15362 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6247 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8473 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7736 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2830 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4352 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7807 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7629 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6895 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8348 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3500 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7837 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9357 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2583 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2900 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14399 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7521 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9002 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8138 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2773 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 4434 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6810 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6215 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8956 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8080 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3179 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1801 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3919 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6709 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7614 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6590 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7091 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1763 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3798 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4721 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8712 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6303 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8705 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7878 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3073 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4238 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7895 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7528 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8629 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1672 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3489 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5414 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5882 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7684 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8184 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2576 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2522 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4240 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7588 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8227 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8172 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2699 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8247 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3000 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2893 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6912 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7365 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9232 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7703 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7565 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1879 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 11082 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7909 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2376 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1796 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2532 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8080 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5810 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6621 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3031 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3035 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10032 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6859 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7336 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2308 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7361 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8774 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7747 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6373 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7834 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9753 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3464 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7777 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7977 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10286 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3790 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13627 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2210 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 11980 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13886 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6467 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7100 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6985 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6427 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1561 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2461 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10523 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1518 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7211 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14157 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7690 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3145 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4883 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3667 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7795 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8376 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7852 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1709 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9525 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7800 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7095 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6988 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6719 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2729 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2916 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6166 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5952 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7520 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
Philosopher 1: 7749 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2477 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2494 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4405 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4120 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5431 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1635 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5622 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2384 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7210 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6928 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8511 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3539 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7580 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7023 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6570 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1966 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3199 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8651 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8401 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7139 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2018 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7832 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7712 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1796 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3705 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7594 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8290 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6727 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2492 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7802 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2811 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7212 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8663 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7179 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8831 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3953 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7214 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9254 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9772 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2353 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8619 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4488 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9091 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9448 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2652 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8283 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7958 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8722 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1550 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 11518 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10334 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 12142 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1792 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3259 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 21997 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1917 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7459 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7553 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6963 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2235 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2655 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8935 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4511 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11417 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15452 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15559 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7938 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 21874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7117 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7789 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7385 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12679 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8739 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13115 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9063 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11991 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6903 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7949 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7529 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2382 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4052 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7100 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6043 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1509 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11311 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6846 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15605 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2843 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3341 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5643 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7125 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7291 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7571 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2537 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2650 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9533 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8392 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2650 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8553 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7036 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7262 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2226 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2336 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4830 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5392 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1573 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8721 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6829 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3391 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7823 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7939 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9359 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7996 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3745 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8335 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8118 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8731 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8415 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2446 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 1848 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7400 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7423 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6114 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6261 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8991 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8292 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3147 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1404 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7765 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8221 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7076 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7400 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1236 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3339 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8274 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7490 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6810 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2660 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9524 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7812 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6844 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6266 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6267 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2888 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2143 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3249 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3692 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3459 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7962 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7121 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7379 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7650 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2263 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4695 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7280 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1711 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8984 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7347 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1689 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1577 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3394 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8293 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6552 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6631 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6445 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2279 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6080 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8765 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8468 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2769 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8567 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7832 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15567 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9202 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 866 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16664 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1398 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 21650 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6452 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7527 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 15990 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10913 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13389 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6608 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5877 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1308 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1345 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 19607 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7402 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 30736 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13468 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9473 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6443 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 12113 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 28254 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 22629 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 24174 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4989 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 27293 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3398 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7069 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2892 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2009 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9741 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1563 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 12799 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4602 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17448 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1862 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 27089 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 20262 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8158 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 17646 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 821 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 19753 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 43418 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14202 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 20162 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 31929 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 18386 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 27381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 27962 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9702 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 19296 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 19400 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13635 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1419 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 15947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 21851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1216 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 12736 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13284 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 30604 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12899 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5641 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4307 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5343 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3006 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8084 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8203 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5658 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12326 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 32017 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7929 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2461 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3675 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7140 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9337 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7828 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2480 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7743 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 18230 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11827 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13253 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3116 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9903 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11659 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14669 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11910 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1971 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12934 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8588 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8590 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7395 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1335 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3146 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10157 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6903 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6790 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2358 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8059 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2923 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6117 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6068 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8884 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11829 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11611 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13055 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 16392 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6197 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 460 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6794 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5929 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6836 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 845 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6996 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6386 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6298 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 29798 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10513 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7080 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7782 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13688 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7778 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5306 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5462 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5176 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 12847 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3594 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8523 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8340 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 717 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9037 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6807 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13383 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6168 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7644 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13637 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15829 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5877 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7216 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8950 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7294 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3911 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1675 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7414 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9360 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7336 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7377 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2199 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6220 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8639 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7255 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2981 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2713 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8533 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6036 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7764 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1607 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7409 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3722 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6110 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7838 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8314 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2690 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8039 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7441 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7892 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7622 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2554 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8170 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6723 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6639 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5969 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7265 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2892 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6951 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6790 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7946 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6152 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12594 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8217 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3140 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8783 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7520 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7328 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9722 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8100 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1099 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2788 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3280 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7166 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7296 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8672 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9013 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6014 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7941 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7917 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6560 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2842 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2452 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4103 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6726 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1121 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8092 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6962 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3099 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7782 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7827 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8244 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7324 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2607 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4803 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6291 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8159 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7611 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2934 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7388 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6580 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8074 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6593 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2202 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 833 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2881 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2512 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3311 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5973 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5821 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7903 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3873 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6918 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7043 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2760 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7422 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2696 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6462 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6194 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8179 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8906 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6038 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5598 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6778 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6446 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2564 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
Philosopher 2: 1485 clocks since last eat
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7323 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6512 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6625 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2526 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2962 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2475 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6063 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5950 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7972 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7286 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3280 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3157 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7207 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7116 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7149 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1395 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7227 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6264 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7627 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2780 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1251 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6931 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8351 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8329 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6948 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2580 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3533 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7153 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8293 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7302 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2022 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8286 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2919 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8357 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7269 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6840 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2195 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7379 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1370 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7792 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7877 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7130 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2201 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3537 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3361 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7022 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5953 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7173 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8460 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3388 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7498 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9074 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7720 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3025 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9350 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8408 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7040 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6589 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10190 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8599 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8716 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8719 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1685 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8823 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7087 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6740 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6699 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6592 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2810 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6508 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7309 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6808 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3059 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3132 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2516 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2759 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7522 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7420 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7674 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7482 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2829 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2350 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3557 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7475 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7231 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7111 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8356 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2522 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8121 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6595 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6358 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8214 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2407 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2486 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2738 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6893 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8537 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7996 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7537 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2673 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4083 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6801 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6894 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5762 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7804 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3341 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2422 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7860 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7366 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1419 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7369 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1807 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9221 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7580 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7398 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7443 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7211 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1932 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1847 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3876 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9166 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7447 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7325 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7672 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3739 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6570 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6136 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6662 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8511 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1794 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6854 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6405 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7244 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8708 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3926 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9490 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6758 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6478 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7875 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2134 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4936 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7944 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7578 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7294 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7667 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3880 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7719 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8826 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7964 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6228 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8815 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7388 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3999 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7766 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2827 clocks since last eat
put 0
put 1
think 1
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2712 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 835 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7518 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6925 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6636 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8677 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2474 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6193 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6252 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7976 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10893 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6923 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7042 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7046 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3392 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3667 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7691 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7239 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7443 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6459 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7850 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8560 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7002 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2572 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6829 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6532 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6674 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2315 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4078 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7298 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6760 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8508 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2743 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2765 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7118 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7583 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8998 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2799 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8502 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1902 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5839 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7999 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6992 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6499 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6599 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6600 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6082 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2050 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1660 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2324 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8188 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6669 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1999 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8622 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3191 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6707 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6977 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1488 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6826 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9752 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6570 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10721 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2756 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2687 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7138 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6746 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6487 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10849 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3191 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 1
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7963 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7004 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8828 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7829 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3500 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7328 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6381 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8783 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2616 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11622 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3507 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7124 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8172 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7164 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3219 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7372 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7459 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7288 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6613 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2968 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2399 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8206 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7629 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5966 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7907 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2413 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2887 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4361 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7674 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5470 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7401 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7546 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1942 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3597 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3952 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7406 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7457 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7281 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2644 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8347 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
get 2
put 0
think 0
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2937 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7257 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7045 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8398 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6948 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2594 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1204 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6819 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6614 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8229 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6285 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2544 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3783 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2821 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4363 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7199 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6208 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2010 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8803 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8217 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7863 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7294 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10634 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12079 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7087 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8026 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4123 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6089 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6885 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9035 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7488 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3578 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6979 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2907 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9269 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10329 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7416 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7270 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8918 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7714 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2399 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7896 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5846 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6723 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8599 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2439 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2408 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2147 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7935 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6924 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6873 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6716 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2951 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2513 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2563 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2615 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6155 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5911 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6532 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6668 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2550 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2612 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6917 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8480 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8777 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11397 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7381 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6019 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 11778 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6166 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12140 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2732 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2829 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2434 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1239 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7187 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6992 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7958 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7859 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7664 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9005 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7430 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7844 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1632 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4685 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3614 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6878 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7139 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7014 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2461 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8250 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3260 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7206 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7122 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6941 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1167 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7838 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7902 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7979 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7031 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2959 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2735 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2731 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7491 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6491 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8073 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9463 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6981 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2017 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8753 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8066 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2853 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6578 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7843 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7312 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7214 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3035 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4279 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7899 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1783 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7230 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8441 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5907 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7671 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6114 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2856 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8460 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6423 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8504 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7487 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3278 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7166 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6878 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2739 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2664 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7288 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7901 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8009 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3602 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6756 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6686 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2244 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8258 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2998 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6961 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7688 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7642 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3442 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6948 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7346 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7479 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2960 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1372 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8692 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3753 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6460 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7028 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8522 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3180 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12988 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6939 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5896 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8025 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4040 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7742 clocks since last eat
put 2
put 1
think 1
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6759 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8775 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2509 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7857 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6625 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6438 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8059 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6749 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3111 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2067 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7331 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7012 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9673 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3828 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2773 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5298 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5075 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6270 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8465 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7800 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9431 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2757 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13187 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7726 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1434 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7694 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9004 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2883 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6308 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8646 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2787 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8292 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2649 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 992 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3163 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7203 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7740 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6971 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2137 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3335 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2045 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7386 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14907 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6338 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6352 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2483 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2111 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2001 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1592 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7466 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6856 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6957 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2802 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8645 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3157 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6949 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7107 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7157 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3255 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8515 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7208 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7377 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7278 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7569 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6233 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8000 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6496 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5960 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2322 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2351 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2492 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2280 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5882 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7500 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7617 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
get 2
eat 2
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7760 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3632 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3115 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9055 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8508 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11771 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6075 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6727 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2453 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2466 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3737 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7289 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7529 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9163 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2631 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2876 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2621 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6668 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6694 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5959 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6672 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1671 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4164 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8137 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9157 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2187 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7800 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9187 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6783 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6501 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6519 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8214 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3193 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2549 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6229 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6588 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6462 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3153 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2632 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6824 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6323 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7077 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2816 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6879 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7354 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7113 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7565 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3409 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2071 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7726 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8145 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6216 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 3
think 1
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7732 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1822 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3241 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4321 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6638 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6457 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8170 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7618 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 976 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9103 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10422 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8395 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6416 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7906 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6541 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7784 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3138 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3041 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6814 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7102 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7185 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7167 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3133 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3225 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5981 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7410 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6167 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8014 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3201 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3070 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6686 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6525 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6674 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8292 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3363 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3071 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6969 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6944 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6548 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6650 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2874 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2892 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6907 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6996 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6738 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7185 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3467 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1984 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7318 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7150 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8834 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8053 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4312 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7472 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7527 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9856 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7962 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2711 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3133 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6397 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7122 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6501 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6313 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2502 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1876 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2793 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6177 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9196 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1515 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1073 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7568 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2029 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1672 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2782 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6404 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7224 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7306 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1270 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3700 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13280 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7214 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1075 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7087 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7021 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2728 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2696 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6804 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6883 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6621 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6711 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2477 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2899 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2945 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6402 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6760 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8376 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7732 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2861 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3059 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6538 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6539 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2749 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13072 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8283 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7946 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1238 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2706 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2810 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8444 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5231 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6678 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1211 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8717 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8109 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7941 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6943 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2164 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2345 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8411 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2008 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4959 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6769 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7019 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11418 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7216 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9129 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6503 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8257 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2545 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2843 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6839 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6742 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6648 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6979 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2658 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2126 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1472 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5706 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7446 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7850 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6143 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2786 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3052 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7399 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6855 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8600 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8061 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2948 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8716 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7088 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7238 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2599 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7796 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6685 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8365 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6382 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8035 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3204 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6968 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7035 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2533 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8300 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3265 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3262 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6211 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5606 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6255 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6080 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1840 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3336 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7386 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6142 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8070 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9664 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3424 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9222 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9006 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7633 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3659 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6350 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8609 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7344 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2436 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1246 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7989 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7665 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7672 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7952 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8342 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7990 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8083 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10460 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8083 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2645 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2510 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6397 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6761 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1836 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3066 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8167 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2567 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7232 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7301 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7265 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7141 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2577 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2442 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2671 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2267 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5923 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5797 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8078 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2997 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2967 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6896 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6697 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6483 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8614 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3539 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1694 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7554 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8976 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7704 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7001 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3013 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1540 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6704 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7692 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6114 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2632 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1668 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7697 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2728 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6761 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6832 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7448 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1867 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7446 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5457 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6997 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7172 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6557 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2742 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3060 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1283 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8070 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7560 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7016 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2243 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2157 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8287 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7152 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2707 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8991 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8464 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7304 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2237 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7159 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2891 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1712 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7398 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6659 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9224 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7511 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8005 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7320 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7726 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8146 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7278 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1572 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7310 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9225 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7374 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 12562 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12647 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16658 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 17754 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1343 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5956 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2960 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4411 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5215 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7066 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6161 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8390 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3328 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7154 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7993 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2414 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8710 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8468 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8867 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9282 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8778 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6937 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6645 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6732 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4106 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7863 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7627 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7333 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6942 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2867 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7238 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5868 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7518 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7570 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3924 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8089 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7953 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9512 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8340 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6162 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8717 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6367 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9026 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3544 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1067 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7675 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7275 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7159 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1956 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4116 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7560 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15994 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1421 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7670 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3335 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6722 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8392 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7717 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7095 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3112 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7067 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6861 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6233 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8038 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3274 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7566 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8440 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7366 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3837 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3274 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7241 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7291 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1259 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7703 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11675 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7911 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6939 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2177 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7984 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4155 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6567 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2333 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6461 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3005 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7414 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7373 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8674 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7430 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3453 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7386 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6350 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7959 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2047 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7455 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3138 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 5528 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7107 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7151 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5924 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1951 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2264 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1972 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1611 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2931 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6801 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7066 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6901 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7452 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2194 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3967 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6508 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8302 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6578 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2010 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7618 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3048 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7085 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6998 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1662 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7383 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7305 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1896 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3624 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6794 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8651 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2157 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7209 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6855 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1716 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8204 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8403 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5340 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6774 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6302 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1509 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 1921 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 20738 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6468 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6542 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2419 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2382 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8622 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7966 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6633 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6459 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6415 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2639 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2308 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2025 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2654 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7124 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1599 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7735 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8591 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7013 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7010 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7253 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2908 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2368 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1337 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8543 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6518 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9166 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7901 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2637 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8582 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7486 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7244 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2244 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12455 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6991 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7241 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6743 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5576 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13218 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7508 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1072 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2663 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2184 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6830 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7643 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7328 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7963 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 0: 5373 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8532 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8123 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7910 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2832 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1601 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8271 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9023 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2690 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8482 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3569 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6809 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6450 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1484 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7049 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8633 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8574 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7449 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7424 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2211 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13470 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5679 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8421 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7885 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 2
think 2
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3687 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3218 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5922 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7500 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7075 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7186 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3692 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7827 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7142 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7278 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2243 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6531 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7726 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7074 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7228 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2822 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3832 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6619 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8167 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1309 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7971 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2753 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8450 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7010 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7110 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8499 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3024 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2826 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6331 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7608 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7805 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3260 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12243 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6543 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8119 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7666 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3822 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7716 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8212 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9124 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8898 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8068 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6467 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7699 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2208 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3751 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7111 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6068 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7639 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3280 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6956 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8428 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7023 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3531 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7669 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7403 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6946 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7970 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3349 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8705 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6377 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6298 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8538 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1247 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3642 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7547 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7751 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6129 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6613 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2209 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1843 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3110 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6530 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5380 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7980 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2375 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1707 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6603 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9134 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7123 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7223 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2832 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5898 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7020 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8586 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2376 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2889 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2764 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6794 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8597 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7234 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7061 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2483 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8529 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7476 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7759 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3139 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2956 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6584 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7325 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7442 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7491 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7853 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7320 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7159 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3559 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2224 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9261 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5171 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6638 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7281 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2549 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3451 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1875 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7563 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6445 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1745 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7033 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7067 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6176 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7305 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7454 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6438 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6050 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9090 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1713 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3180 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3968 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1509 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6983 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5710 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8133 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6539 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 852 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6008 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1971 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1659 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10630 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1407 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7074 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 17113 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7057 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3155 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2744 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7329 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6779 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7478 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2099 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7633 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7500 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 20366 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16272 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1935 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6786 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7417 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7416 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7573 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7719 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6116 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7896 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6225 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8552 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1342 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7920 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7333 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6406 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2691 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9348 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8376 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9482 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7826 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1478 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8209 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6255 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5605 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5701 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7999 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2908 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3002 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2788 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6769 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6285 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8107 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7642 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3679 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1543 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3282 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7129 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7290 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8927 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2456 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5939 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6202 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2191 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6114 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12572 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6703 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7060 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2736 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7066 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6751 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6516 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7861 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3073 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6211 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8170 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8996 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3397 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2845 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9341 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7405 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7127 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6969 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8533 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3074 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4287 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6156 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7134 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2120 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4000 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5255 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7037 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7339 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6288 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1756 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3439 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3062 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7874 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7113 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7108 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7175 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7181 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5902 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7283 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8734 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3021 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6899 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6682 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6956 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2260 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7564 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3730 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2806 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5417 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6727 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5919 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8370 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3394 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5962 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1532 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9051 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9859 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2770 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2926 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7515 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7794 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7312 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2104 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8750 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6422 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6971 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7018 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6292 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3682 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3130 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7829 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8795 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8058 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1688 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5920 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5741 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 745 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 842 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11381 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6542 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6613 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 20342 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7510 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6088 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1906 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7916 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2291 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1931 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3128 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6886 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7768 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3089 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9379 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2941 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6735 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6068 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1757 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7034 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2883 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7681 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6664 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8080 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6631 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1543 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2040 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5816 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6091 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6876 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8707 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7319 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7492 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7264 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2801 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2639 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7371 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1888 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7902 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8184 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7212 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7784 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7658 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2816 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2616 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2200 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1538 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2073 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5080 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6675 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6016 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2510 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8945 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3094 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7400 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6716 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8904 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2980 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2862 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9254 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6747 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6761 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2690 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2633 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8917 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1982 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8667 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 12386 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 14498 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 894 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10245 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1536 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6655 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12556 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2834 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7024 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7085 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8207 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7159 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3195 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7909 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9557 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9233 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5444 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5957 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6131 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8518 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3304 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6660 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6217 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8812 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8210 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2882 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7297 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6951 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6922 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3553 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4323 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7955 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6451 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9125 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 11987 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6857 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6333 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1414 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3131 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1872 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9162 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7280 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7132 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8272 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1300 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3501 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8912 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8290 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9487 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5263 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13035 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4946 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5687 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3161 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2597 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9289 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8207 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8707 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8639 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6325 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8425 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6684 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6698 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2654 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2609 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2302 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6337 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6146 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8023 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7419 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2825 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1583 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1232 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6577 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10347 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2078 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2141 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9348 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6329 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6338 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6278 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6934 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2654 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3067 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4777 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6701 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6587 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7160 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2046 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1704 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3014 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2357 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6056 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7492 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6393 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7618 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3870 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8183 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8238 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8330 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12747 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7073 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8711 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2333 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9793 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2652 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1887 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8163 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7403 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7236 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3250 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1441 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13975 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6716 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2116 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8707 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2198 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2209 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8183 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6949 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7011 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6893 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2861 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2453 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6151 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8744 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2135 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7768 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2391 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6665 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8503 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6255 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1446 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7532 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2554 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5987 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8474 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8638 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8936 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7964 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7011 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8508 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7571 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2915 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2106 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3486 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6974 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7147 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7375 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7592 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7473 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6974 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1918 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7660 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3859 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9784 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2362 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6051 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7419 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7802 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2508 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8669 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8258 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6165 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8059 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7278 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3226 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3576 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7593 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7312 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7816 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8240 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2546 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4482 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6019 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7736 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7284 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7514 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7065 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8692 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7011 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3531 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1973 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7507 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7357 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7524 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7943 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2919 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 4716 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6667 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4316 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7578 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2855 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3337 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2646 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7437 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7475 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7666 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7425 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1286 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3408 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7762 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6516 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2524 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7561 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2482 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6489 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8401 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7262 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7840 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2872 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4792 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8983 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2409 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8337 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7037 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6772 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6550 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2973 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6353 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6556 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1115 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6153 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8046 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3617 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6722 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2578 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7325 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3021 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7620 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3528 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6061 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8473 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8676 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2509 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1706 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3539 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7083 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7743 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2604 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8141 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8578 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6893 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7448 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6210 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7878 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2520 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6416 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8026 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10611 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5827 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1450 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3851 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12703 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8402 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1678 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8323 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3023 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8359 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5570 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5794 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7476 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6326 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2071 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1678 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3312 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6631 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8080 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2583 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8123 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3107 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6130 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6028 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8174 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1636 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11200 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7711 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6910 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2887 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7859 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9302 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7672 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3159 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 4892 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6806 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6752 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2345 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1702 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3586 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3593 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6597 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1324 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8148 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7387 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9468 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3248 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7273 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6544 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2695 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10000 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9254 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6490 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6215 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3096 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8429 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6673 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8244 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6937 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1829 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7367 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3474 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6494 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8022 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7401 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7465 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2838 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3055 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7176 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8210 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2989 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8113 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6473 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8762 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7227 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8767 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3016 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8626 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7868 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6117 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7726 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2965 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2812 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6725 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6573 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6440 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2473 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8825 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7698 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8412 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 0
think 0
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3151 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9871 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3315 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6282 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7231 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5846 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1373 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1539 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1480 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 5642 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6079 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5940 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1413 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5373 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6223 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 21382 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2929 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8451 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7459 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7322 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9167 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7698 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3603 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2859 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7121 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7507 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6234 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8645 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1625 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3531 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7030 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5274 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6842 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2187 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5915 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7482 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5975 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8085 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3467 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3584 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8251 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6133 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8575 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2679 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9190 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5597 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7890 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7201 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8087 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2566 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2380 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3982 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6728 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5268 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5540 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7031 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6099 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6591 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8412 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7791 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3537 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2454 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7072 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7283 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6416 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7359 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2887 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2539 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7315 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7871 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2216 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12654 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6142 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5801 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2253 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8342 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2817 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2650 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6563 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6419 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6562 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2698 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1888 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4330 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3685 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6845 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7198 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7160 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8231 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3056 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7283 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6896 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6631 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8594 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2787 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2864 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7640 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7010 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7000 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7406 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3008 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2675 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8945 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7645 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7435 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7649 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3059 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5404 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6869 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7251 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6918 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4533 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8168 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7465 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7382 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6376 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2137 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2731 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2504 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6895 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7086 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2543 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7215 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2759 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2510 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6680 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7045 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6530 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8037 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2837 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3490 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6379 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5656 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7114 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2190 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7255 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2639 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2138 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3081 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6979 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6649 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2374 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7839 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6755 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6747 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6759 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7763 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3306 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7112 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7234 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7313 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2307 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7564 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8452 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6434 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1750 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7749 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2457 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7970 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7923 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7893 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8167 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2906 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2140 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7438 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6814 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7034 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3347 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3473 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7173 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6627 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9172 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2901 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6933 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6825 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5883 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7884 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3073 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3025 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7365 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7681 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7587 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7570 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8207 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7922 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8061 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11177 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5960 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6311 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6084 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2715 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3920 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2472 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8368 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7858 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6922 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8824 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2494 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6899 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9162 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6997 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1898 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3185 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14121 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8096 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8186 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3068 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8952 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2816 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6962 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6589 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6272 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1918 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7631 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3061 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2884 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4967 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7298 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7501 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2540 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 12706 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6581 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6240 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6694 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2525 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2656 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5313 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7914 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7992 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7859 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2329 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8121 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7331 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1810 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8710 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7634 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2913 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6889 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6479 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8597 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1986 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8381 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5981 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9246 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1406 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7164 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2122 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7856 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5952 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7739 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3019 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3222 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 5988 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7870 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10743 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6489 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15382 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7784 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7128 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7077 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6709 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6562 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2517 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2691 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8066 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6951 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6156 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6052 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1588 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6653 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5984 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1066 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7152 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7175 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3856 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7567 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8068 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6938 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2144 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9248 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1320 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7751 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6477 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7121 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9285 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2811 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2689 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6707 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8812 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1995 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7875 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7388 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2444 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7365 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7557 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7101 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3372 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5917 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6650 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7998 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6983 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2732 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2417 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3749 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7067 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6911 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1090 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8068 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7930 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8164 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7195 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8168 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2489 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2397 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6151 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5544 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6454 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6327 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3184 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3520 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2617 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8644 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7969 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7670 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7784 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3259 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2223 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5624 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 11387 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11644 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2612 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2508 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1821 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10753 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8065 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3256 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8732 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6692 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8822 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6660 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8349 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2245 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8465 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5649 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7285 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8471 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3243 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7058 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8287 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6551 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10159 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3257 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1375 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7048 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8610 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6893 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2979 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2374 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8388 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6030 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7993 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7707 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3347 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7082 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7284 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1919 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7941 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7172 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 1969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1273 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2862 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7882 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7869 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6498 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7974 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7123 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6540 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6538 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8199 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2258 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1905 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1514 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7171 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 2
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7303 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2461 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11286 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8884 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6834 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6272 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7920 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2344 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8111 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3975 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5977 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7990 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5870 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7259 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2496 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2649 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2578 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7319 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6069 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5977 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7535 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2363 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2376 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7453 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6313 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6684 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6552 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2778 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6311 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7438 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7123 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2227 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3131 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 13064 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7703 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6976 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8178 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2755 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2564 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2344 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6467 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8516 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5986 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7601 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2982 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1593 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3143 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6586 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7509 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2887 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3235 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7112 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1278 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7327 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6782 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8462 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2261 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1843 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7361 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6245 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7317 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2467 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3258 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9058 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7108 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6813 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6738 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7614 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2590 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6482 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6406 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6214 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8739 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2243 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3793 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9504 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8033 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8352 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2178 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12964 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6201 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6442 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6687 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2550 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2029 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8111 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8063 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2767 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14750 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6244 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8235 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7699 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2087 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7284 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7280 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7312 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2330 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5782 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6899 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5793 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8274 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1958 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3274 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7325 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6236 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6476 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2103 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7728 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4067 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6654 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7828 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5993 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8100 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3087 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5024 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7172 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8341 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7424 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2533 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2830 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3056 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6114 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8283 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2233 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7851 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9269 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7421 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6091 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7645 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6704 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3328 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1112 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7054 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7288 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9518 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8184 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8492 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7436 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2263 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8428 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6257 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8863 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2304 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2194 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9291 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 6823 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7367 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7472 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2295 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7509 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6137 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7721 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7699 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
put 2
think 1
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2381 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2515 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4043 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7347 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6999 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6995 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3622 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7385 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6521 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8158 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3177 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8236 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3806 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8031 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1322 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7283 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8179 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7649 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2312 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2007 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2861 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7622 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1911 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7360 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9332 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5507 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6829 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 13916 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6836 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3137 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3326 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7435 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7362 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7545 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7558 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3285 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6631 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2110 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2054 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1672 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12855 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14052 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7528 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2226 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7950 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3869 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1776 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7354 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7726 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7779 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7788 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3461 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6764 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7541 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3075 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8652 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5868 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7278 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5952 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7603 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3187 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3645 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2923 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7057 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5901 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7193 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7385 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3206 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2319 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8183 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1490 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7304 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7303 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2650 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1816 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7444 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6321 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8775 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7355 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3338 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7615 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5946 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1990 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9542 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3573 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1502 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8250 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7971 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2878 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1932 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8020 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7526 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1577 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8145 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8200 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6700 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6900 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3100 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8733 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8445 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7830 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6391 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7660 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8863 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6375 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6838 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6950 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6885 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3020 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2547 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6754 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6048 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7377 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1620 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8886 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3512 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6685 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6299 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6235 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2238 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7479 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6718 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6117 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6213 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8729 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3619 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3213 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8739 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7453 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7002 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2677 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8374 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7511 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9083 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6882 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8699 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2025 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3814 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7280 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7785 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1312 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3090 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9241 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2686 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7425 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7188 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6834 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8399 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3385 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7570 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7460 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7216 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7052 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3303 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6553 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8094 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5811 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7437 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1288 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3829 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7404 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7349 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1457 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7802 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3099 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12702 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6939 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7855 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2906 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4377 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7284 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6495 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8525 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1786 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3236 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5856 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6231 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7784 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6560 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2671 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2690 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5498 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7433 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7333 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6604 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 1661 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4071 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8703 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7354 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7435 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7092 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2347 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2961 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2591 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2129 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5705 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5456 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5879 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8205 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3276 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7843 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7003 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8687 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6233 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher