Dining started
think 0
think 1
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 0
think 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
think 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12963 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
get 4
get 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5344 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 16371 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 17238 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 4731 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5351 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8041 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8428 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7736 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9767 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7965 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3571 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 4
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6587 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 4: 12259 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 13845 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5562 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7583 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2032 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 16154 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 27211 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6306 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7902 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8124 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 1985 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7747 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5345 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7377 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17507 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9528 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2333 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6482 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6404 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5743 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1532 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6114 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 22261 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 25206 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2048 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8673 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 26985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8124 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6611 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2451 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1553 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9001 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6045 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6490 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2215 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 19388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 18644 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5051 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7447 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8592 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 9700 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2426 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2141 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5937 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5453 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6306 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2277 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13596 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 17163 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6195 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10051 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7412 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2909 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6070 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10072 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7781 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2407 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5914 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 22785 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 16888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1520 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 4
Philosopher 1: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11922 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7094 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 16137 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12704 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 10191 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14906 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1720 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7893 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7185 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7845 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2202 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 17226 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7408 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6621 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7081 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2005 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5573 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 12407 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6310 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7074 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1542 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6726 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 8500 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7187 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2021 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11426 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1996 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5868 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
get 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 25012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2474 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2191 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5904 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16948 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6067 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2524 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2701 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 18014 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 22828 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 8823 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 8829 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11183 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4092 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14260 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9810 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 19173 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5524 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 28005 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 12920 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6543 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 29878 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 10289 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 18592 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7002 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7160 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5453 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 18805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 670 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 25270 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6594 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1569 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 16143 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 15234 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6377 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7147 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8913 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2257 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14367 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7475 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 1931 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7985 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6122 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7109 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6472 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1347 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 30515 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6610 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 4314 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4613 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7566 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 11531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 22968 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 22437 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1332 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1419 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7151 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 14685 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 100434 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13074 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12655 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 3
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2218 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5785 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8173 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7716 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6055 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5992 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1477 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 24474 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2231 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5912 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5231 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7512 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 31664 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5776 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1607 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1501 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 9417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10999 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3365 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6399 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6411 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1993 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2008 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 35002 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6290 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5968 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7866 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 19331 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 19372 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8922 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7966 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7565 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3634 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2154 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6800 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7884 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1536 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1395 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1902 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2611 clocks since last eat
eat 4
get 1
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6573 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 17088 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8321 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2346 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15693 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14827 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 8032 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7900 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4073 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3345 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6124 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6221 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10173 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2100 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8288 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9126 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7673 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7484 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7109 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1533 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3252 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7168 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5730 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7263 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1511 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1581 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3876 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14331 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7153 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 24331 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5589 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6132 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16756 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2660 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2119 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11793 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5736 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16579 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6008 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9717 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2056 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5622 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5744 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1847 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 24776 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6419 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8230 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6482 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8550 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6625 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1830 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7245 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7574 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2199 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2860 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 27775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4001 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3944 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8658 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5932 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 43397 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6113 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14030 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1933 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2198 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 5796 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 23181 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1657 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5632 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13153 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13172 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17819 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7463 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2409 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6262 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 12309 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11932 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8116 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2480 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8239 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2159 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5528 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7081 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1375 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 11715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 4166 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 32162 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6273 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1503 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 9070 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12094 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6721 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9151 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 12422 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9253 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9637 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8101 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1370 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2453 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5308 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5408 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4982 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12147 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8724 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6409 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2181 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8625 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2141 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 30754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2215 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8360 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2661 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2180 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 4047 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6258 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6979 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2772 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10414 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3199 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6908 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2172 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8508 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 4318 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8453 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 45141 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 10237 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3306 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5800 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6061 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16330 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2601 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 2802 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12782 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9482 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7097 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1852 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10547 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2277 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6244 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 15312 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2144 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5558 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5530 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 21365 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 31504 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7908 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2371 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8613 clocks since last eat
get 3
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2284 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2352 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5473 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10253 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7314 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1994 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2042 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6198 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1324 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 16807 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2089 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5604 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8078 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2112 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7979 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2613 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 10264 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 35524 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7658 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7345 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7325 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2050 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1600 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5475 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2236 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 15361 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8403 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2714 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8729 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8205 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7846 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1988 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7491 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5956 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 13929 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 28607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5925 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6058 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11346 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2811 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6617 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 19073 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2042 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 20908 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2214 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10228 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9444 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7088 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7489 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6601 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2578 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 11188 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10187 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16477 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 25308 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6286 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13628 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 14436 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6547 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7505 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6561 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1434 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 19466 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6433 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 48971 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10261 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2600 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2855 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2245 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6249 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6720 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11806 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7599 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10505 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 27817 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11510 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 14241 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8626 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2523 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9211 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5207 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8068 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 15248 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7142 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3726 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6126 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8150 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6011 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9489 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2166 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2330 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9090 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6871 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 16765 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7157 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6345 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2020 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 10731 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6392 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 15344 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6910 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2194 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1389 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3720 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 15994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6294 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7427 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 3
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 35117 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2500 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8982 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 5177 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8919 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7813 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2000 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15105 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5771 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2121 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7740 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2343 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2325 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5990 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5885 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2211 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6411 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 24814 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1384 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2283 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 39350 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6276 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2392 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7528 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 18131 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8422 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5727 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8367 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3138 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6852 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 18098 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 901 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8737 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12132 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6811 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7770 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2688 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14915 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2320 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 36494 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6452 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8033 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7026 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6132 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5335 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 25880 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17926 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5891 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10348 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6376 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2283 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7237 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6156 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6342 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3050 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 20791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5931 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7242 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6530 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7715 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2591 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2272 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1664 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5599 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5848 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1445 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5200 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16241 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1995 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7606 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2299 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 21470 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6483 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6492 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6547 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 62026 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2412 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8626 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2299 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8239 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7016 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8545 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7614 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10812 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 17882 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6039 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1895 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1919 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5870 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5649 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1685 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5737 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 30676 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 26165 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1667 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5384 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 34002 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2110 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8195 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1852 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 17179 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7057 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8445 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2027 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 25675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2050 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7442 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6335 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 17640 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 11010 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7708 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8625 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8362 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 6982 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6661 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1925 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 19909 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2626 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 4833 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7946 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18040 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6940 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1989 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1941 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13083 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15354 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7246 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1890 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 10161 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6524 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6483 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 11288 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6285 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6482 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3151 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11139 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6419 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5944 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 34951 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6238 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1933 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1617 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 19533 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 16616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6012 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1760 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1940 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 15385 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15197 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 26267 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1654 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1610 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5604 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 23359 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2077 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 17725 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2288 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9035 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 17973 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7658 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6402 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6643 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2121 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9142 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6775 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7309 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 16255 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6401 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1502 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3447 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1413 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3743 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10904 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8240 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10454 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2063 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9667 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5093 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7015 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14600 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7565 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2087 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 4253 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14561 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7414 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2018 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1906 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5224 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16966 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2075 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17142 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5991 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2324 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10476 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 18870 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 21740 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2731 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6675 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6534 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5880 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 42524 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2963 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 20429 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6122 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6215 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2083 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1564 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5862 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2204 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7534 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2006 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1749 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5542 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5703 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9171 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2040 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 26869 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6614 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6690 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6675 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8802 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1659 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5785 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6096 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 44044 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5901 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7663 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7281 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2016 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1742 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 30865 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 13768 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6399 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9733 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6362 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8022 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 13541 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5587 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5993 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3145 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7327 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 21910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 32522 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9152 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3923 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 4063 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5812 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1892 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8210 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5864 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16251 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1924 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7773 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4074 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7535 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 20709 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6324 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7946 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7911 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2501 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6747 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8261 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6382 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 10319 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2113 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2210 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13779 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 7171 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7141 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5780 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 17086 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1554 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2339 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8437 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3431 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 17859 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7236 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2061 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 25196 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13041 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8273 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1442 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8547 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2261 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10707 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 19417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6441 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6156 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14619 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 12555 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1254 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8465 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17725 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6117 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11157 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8142 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1976 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2574 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 19265 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1932 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 22738 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 17493 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3470 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 40433 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13657 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1956 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9793 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7214 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6125 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 11883 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10899 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11312 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 22038 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6140 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 12396 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6602 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9190 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 16843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5598 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7274 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 10298 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6190 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
get 0
Philosopher 3: 17615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6881 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3280 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11773 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6300 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2029 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8329 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3112 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12640 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7829 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6412 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5932 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1210 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 15474 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7872 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6464 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4568 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 2
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8858 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4850 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4828 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7304 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4865 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2160 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 31806 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9015 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5089 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2830 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2176 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5499 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7878 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12324 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4587 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 6039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13644 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4130 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2992 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2318 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 12586 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2310 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7597 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7483 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2085 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 40434 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5665 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8315 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 24152 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 21596 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9915 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6322 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6914 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16898 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5582 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6210 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 16391 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2589 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6483 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 17319 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8465 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14408 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6244 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8060 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2848 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2335 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5768 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5744 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7968 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 4
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 21260 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 32979 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7749 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2575 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2300 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 10424 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1291 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 4236 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 26892 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9748 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8087 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 29702 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 5082 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5913 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5632 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2095 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16672 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 4174 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6427 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 8066 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7230 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2512 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16029 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1402 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1587 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 5161 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7021 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7945 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 21186 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5687 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4840 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8912 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 19785 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6288 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6325 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4194 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2469 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 15172 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 22458 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8255 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7840 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8425 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6566 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5858 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5705 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9465 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4363 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4220 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8340 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9690 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8458 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2015 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5238 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7778 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16460 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3167 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2207 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2268 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6397 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1646 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4182 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 15757 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13903 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3332 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7265 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5127 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1735 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3687 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 9342 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6463 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6797 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7015 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 43979 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2988 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7611 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6041 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11285 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1382 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6769 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8472 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 15078 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8007 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6449 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16603 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7991 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2374 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3999 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 10705 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16932 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 12999 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13900 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13534 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1524 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3235 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7841 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9762 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1932 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7721 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7207 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1978 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11864 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11818 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16151 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2310 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 15241 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2804 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17881 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2760 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5526 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8256 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 10883 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8156 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2300 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5170 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6235 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7591 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10096 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6165 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15634 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1981 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2224 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8769 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2134 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 17874 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6663 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6685 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8276 clocks since last eat
get 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 25742 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6166 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5345 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 11015 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10510 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2360 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10655 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2125 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1991 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6148 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9462 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2309 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8588 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13683 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2342 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8226 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 2: 6944 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6544 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2368 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1940 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7709 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2061 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8028 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 17557 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7361 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26125 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 11558 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 18743 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14766 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5159 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 14957 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7225 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2313 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 4173 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6690 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10827 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 30556 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 12037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 2
Philosopher 0: 8011 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2522 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 24547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5787 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8550 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7012 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5143 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2072 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6458 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 17414 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2303 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2286 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2199 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2235 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2601 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5825 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5843 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2010 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2249 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 14096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 41867 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8018 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2646 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8773 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2806 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7269 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 10024 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 12176 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5622 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12332 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7402 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 18353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8183 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1869 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7833 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2106 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 14493 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 2: 13273 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 4
eat 0
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6330 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2106 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9015 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 4059 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7888 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16103 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8250 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1350 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1621 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6654 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7031 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3608 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 22735 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7719 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2382 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7992 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1869 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8240 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8542 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 27647 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2790 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9159 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2385 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14828 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2010 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 14118 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 18399 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7286 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3101 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7982 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11749 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1497 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5571 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7417 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6204 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 17782 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 17166 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10001 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3650 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6813 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1723 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11968 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12042 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15671 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2028 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3840 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6386 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6547 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2434 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2103 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6648 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8852 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2178 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9072 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 30804 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 5350 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1727 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1760 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3584 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 40250 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 15415 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 6248 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 1
get 4
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1530 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8937 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2325 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 4909 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7958 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 17357 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6220 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1988 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9626 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2293 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6772 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9188 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6947 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8685 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3309 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2631 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8554 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11318 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 29295 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1533 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6194 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 17963 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18125 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1464 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7835 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 4610 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8074 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6932 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15450 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3132 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6018 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10397 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8221 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5578 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7320 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7711 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2030 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7462 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5512 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9047 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 28146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3289 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2122 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6795 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6758 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6530 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7399 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1990 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 15480 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3513 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 5689 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5896 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2664 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7291 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9867 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1671 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7953 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9660 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13962 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8256 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8017 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6614 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8813 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2168 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3285 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3924 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2950 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6185 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9389 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2690 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2028 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3828 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 29929 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 1
get 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8253 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7982 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1773 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2140 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5321 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6790 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15731 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2189 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5782 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7394 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6644 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 20990 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7101 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 31551 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8127 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3386 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5844 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6173 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7391 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2091 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 15778 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7183 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6611 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2561 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1510 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 29994 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2383 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 15729 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1179 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8976 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 18397 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1847 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2690 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2780 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1618 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17626 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 11199 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2078 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 25418 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12861 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8420 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7937 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1576 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7827 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7883 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14474 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7391 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3416 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13724 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7116 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2475 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1802 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 1805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1728 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5255 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1878 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6014 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5732 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 26718 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 25557 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 28231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5732 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7150 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2232 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5723 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6145 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 16635 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2507 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2295 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1765 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6035 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6173 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1780 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6189 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6227 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 18015 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 33336 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 29062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2560 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3069 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6752 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6300 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6920 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5393 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6986 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5016 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2475 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2341 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9626 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3409 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2667 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3152 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2675 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 23507 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3326 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1974 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5418 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1491 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14347 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14357 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7073 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 17313 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 13607 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 581 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9992 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8602 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13267 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1929 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 12171 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5974 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6127 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1969 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12969 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2467 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1907 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 13933 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7427 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6122 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7717 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1694 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5665 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 26101 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3311 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5444 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 18081 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5931 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1736 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2680 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5826 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 4: 9398 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6688 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6796 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 18950 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3952 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3561 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7282 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7703 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7684 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7903 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2815 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 19096 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 20760 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 29149 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 23174 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11618 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 27236 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8184 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9627 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7301 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7052 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2653 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 15040 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9004 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7499 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5111 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7210 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8907 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 14747 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 12344 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 0
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12244 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2508 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2319 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2374 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 13156 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 19042 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7827 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7799 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3381 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 16500 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7693 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8178 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8943 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7156 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7442 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7676 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7198 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6284 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5669 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10259 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 17509 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 23637 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15508 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6478 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7375 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 24678 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8576 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 10185 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9723 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7065 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6980 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13026 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7739 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8288 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7859 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8008 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6971 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8320 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2565 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1178 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2630 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9615 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1694 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14871 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6567 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 42127 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14961 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
get 2
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3184 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7054 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6713 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3800 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3962 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13291 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13390 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 5583 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 5793 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7036 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6797 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7558 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7384 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7075 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6253 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9224 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8540 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5439 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9449 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1577 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 14869 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7895 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6285 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 55934 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7309 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6356 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9632 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7572 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 4254 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6224 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7867 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7369 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5008 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15441 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2813 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2561 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6285 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9115 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6320 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 9749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3390 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 18360 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 2723 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8344 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6813 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5886 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 19006 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 17713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2073 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9065 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17844 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8455 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8632 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14320 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 13422 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13930 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8450 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8312 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5631 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6251 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8824 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7730 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2277 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6151 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6501 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7980 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3411 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5028 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7485 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5310 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 40491 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7459 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 5838 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7724 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8080 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7690 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 57124 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7615 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2404 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2002 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6073 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6129 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2179 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2060 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 16916 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6249 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 18745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2532 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9929 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7203 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2268 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3401 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 29180 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3158 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6040 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9816 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11957 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 4
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 31455 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16848 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10664 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6076 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2237 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5805 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2335 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 16571 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4147 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7289 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7388 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10661 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 24934 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14871 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3766 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11217 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7639 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11686 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6121 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13892 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7951 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7829 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6315 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1416 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 33359 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7213 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6977 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 12286 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6474 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2466 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2052 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 7778 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
get 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2666 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7437 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 24624 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6735 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2183 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2059 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4204 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1474 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
Philosopher 2: 40797 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7235 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2139 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 29239 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 19289 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5280 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5506 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2232 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2192 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 18934 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7027 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 25684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 13051 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 12886 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 34245 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12383 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6223 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6056 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2313 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1929 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3808 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6907 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 17034 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 9675 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2356 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10302 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6385 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10497 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6354 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1969 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 12261 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 45371 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6382 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2598 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2766 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8598 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6340 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6069 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1773 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 38441 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5724 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1396 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6876 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6822 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 33989 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1215 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 18140 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5109 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6220 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6246 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9282 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 832 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10675 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 8036 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9801 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8124 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2594 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11920 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7470 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7314 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 18975 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 11693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 12505 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12399 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8521 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5910 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6019 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8478 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11344 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2376 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 11612 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5991 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1258 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5107 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 802 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 18678 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6404 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2592 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16466 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 32650 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8237 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2519 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2020 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5716 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2046 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6133 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 21905 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5731 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1413 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 33222 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2021 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15747 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7118 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6929 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1828 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1651 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5317 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5414 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1780 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5624 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 48911 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 27883 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 1234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2682 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 32776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 10785 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7748 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1633 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1842 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5812 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 15566 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1581 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1802 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 21090 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6097 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13989 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2196 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5709 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5278 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9506 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2272 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 20048 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 11704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5671 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11977 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12466 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 38981 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4146 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2247 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8460 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2189 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2046 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5621 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6193 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 22360 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6551 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 22314 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6410 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 14294 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 29810 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7775 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8773 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6421 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2264 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2111 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1942 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 16243 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 19125 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 18718 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6620 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 17974 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 13654 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5599 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 19545 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9724 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8375 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5883 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4726 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2400 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 12256 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7597 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 37516 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6468 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1954 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1953 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15587 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2171 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6811 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6627 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8540 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2336 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6123 clocks since last eat
get 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 24841 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7131 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 33010 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2731 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5610 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 14752 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13170 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 22054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5660 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1741 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1880 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5207 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 19354 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 14372 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 26225 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7363 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6086 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2469 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2626 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2164 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4620 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 20304 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6943 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6845 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2501 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6431 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6373 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8133 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 11282 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8019 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6564 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7110 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2576 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 10412 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 46156 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 24312 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8923 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 14011 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17119 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9864 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10675 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2410 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5917 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1931 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7388 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7545 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7482 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5758 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 15284 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2417 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2564 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5656 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5513 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8373 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2606 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 47891 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6476 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1523 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7742 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 53872 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6660 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10238 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 4483 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9174 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7311 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 4721 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11598 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2253 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7150 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2838 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6133 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5884 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1590 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 40980 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 15262 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7314 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5985 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 12739 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15123 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7823 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 41395 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2400 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8301 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 6392 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6266 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2672 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6078 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1973 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5425 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5144 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9219 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9138 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6912 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7032 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1956 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 16223 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 42726 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 6097 clocks since last eat
get 1
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8135 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2114 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8607 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6299 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6445 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6571 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13537 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6007 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 80632 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 15039 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 32753 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5601 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5914 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14363 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 16681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3825 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3541 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 23679 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7970 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6031 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 22930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3188 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3424 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6656 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6003 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1474 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8200 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 36607 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6089 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 17951 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2892 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9758 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5769 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14795 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7037 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6833 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 3183 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2313 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6161 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7398 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18511 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7099 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 16650 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5403 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14174 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7216 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 12692 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6340 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2239 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2005 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4197 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6908 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6634 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2320 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 18744 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7259 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6211 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15010 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8522 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9425 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10248 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 42262 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 20415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4956 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3345 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2307 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5521 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 10186 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13450 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 22339 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6006 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1690 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 19202 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 712 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 25600 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15086 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2021 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2060 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5462 clocks since last eat
get 1
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 25087 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2992 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2689 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 45495 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 7910 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9622 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 27497 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6175 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 4
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1638 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13097 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6581 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 16600 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 18476 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7726 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3218 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2241 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6389 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6339 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1505 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1501 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4854 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5163 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 18388 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1692 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 21108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1543 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7622 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7784 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 27865 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5461 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6858 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 18819 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7545 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8574 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8219 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8330 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2540 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1978 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4057 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9661 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9514 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4554 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5229 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2425 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 29166 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6769 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 21256 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 16392 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8267 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9617 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6519 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6284 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 922 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 826 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 10562 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6209 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7895 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10356 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 26604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5186 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 19456 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3229 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 18321 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6437 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1586 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11446 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3742 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1690 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 15673 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1854 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 25817 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5335 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8434 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8349 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1883 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8265 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5644 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7448 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 15785 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7893 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6864 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6771 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 22385 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2161 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8937 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6372 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 11256 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8339 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2232 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6656 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15878 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1924 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8454 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17270 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6592 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 14109 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 13138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1941 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8413 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 17178 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 12796 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6767 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6796 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8644 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7317 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7033 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9697 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8236 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2281 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 3504 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5917 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 18615 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8602 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7061 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2719 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5724 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7947 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1970 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7804 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6234 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6456 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2308 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8290 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 29486 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6237 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1034 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
get 3
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 31406 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 5492 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 19353 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 21307 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 16253 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6583 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15041 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 17922 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9003 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5978 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6034 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 11831 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11422 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5446 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 17675 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7084 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 11399 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2227 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1561 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6309 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6605 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1976 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6638 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 18988 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 27837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 5892 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 14033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 11537 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7487 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 5636 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 40397 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2006 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9076 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6039 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5627 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 10492 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6173 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18001 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1952 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2071 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6853 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 10344 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10199 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1958 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5863 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7814 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2200 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16918 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6596 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6878 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5884 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1482 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 14317 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 24901 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6363 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9085 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7233 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6184 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 21629 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 18296 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5833 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1918 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1513 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 20277 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6127 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6162 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1571 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1249 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1883 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18083 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5928 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1993 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7814 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2350 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6270 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1703 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9565 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5973 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5821 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 47773 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13824 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 34232 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 11286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1621 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4909 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5775 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14639 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6055 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2119 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 18388 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6314 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6117 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 18033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 17370 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8272 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4292 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 5952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2213 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9503 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6315 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9226 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7041 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2164 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8182 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1935 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4456 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7989 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8620 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 28551 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2132 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7555 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6210 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1412 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10583 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 9317 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 24193 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1436 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8049 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2463 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 11725 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 14857 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5855 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8045 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5654 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5556 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16210 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2107 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6031 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5651 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1487 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 17176 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6578 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2695 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5875 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5280 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8120 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2021 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 44310 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2003 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6933 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6122 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7546 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 35122 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2208 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3697 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8841 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3322 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2568 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8279 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5926 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2348 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 12783 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 16023 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6110 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8601 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2072 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16280 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10170 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7178 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9093 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1532 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1449 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4850 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 25854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9490 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9462 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1751 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 13150 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6273 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8052 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8121 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7147 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6645 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6114 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5608 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1440 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 10502 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6238 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 39056 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4457 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 24197 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7382 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4814 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2328 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5824 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8201 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7126 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 21105 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2395 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2181 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10070 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8278 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7871 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2045 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5484 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7189 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6037 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6153 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 23915 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2712 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2848 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 20693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18328 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5973 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7983 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2239 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8138 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8152 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2757 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 16918 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7412 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7302 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1491 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8195 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8715 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5217 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5238 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 10590 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2467 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9631 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6806 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5956 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1954 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2036 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1637 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5926 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6206 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 26785 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 20296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2272 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8043 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8095 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2034 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7687 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1919 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 26291 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5808 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8418 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8446 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 3077 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8768 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 4254 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4297 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1688 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1801 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6121 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16485 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16454 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2596 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2555 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 39092 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1547 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7257 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6083 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 16067 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 25145 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2619 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8706 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6225 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7155 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 16412 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7501 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 2
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2965 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5533 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 4: 3022 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6518 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6063 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1513 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1820 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8074 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2164 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 19713 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6766 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 17463 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1671 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8793 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13613 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6818 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6139 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2006 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1811 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7516 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6033 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6089 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1635 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3442 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7350 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5886 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1920 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1787 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 26128 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1805 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 27337 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 9489 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8402 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2587 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13221 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8917 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2050 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9902 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6083 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 6501 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2015 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1664 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5277 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5274 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9488 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 20456 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 18759 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 4005 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8245 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6064 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7505 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7957 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1830 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3720 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7380 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6013 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2022 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5515 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14948 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2136 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3918 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6213 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8122 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1821 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10767 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7803 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6443 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1963 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 54180 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3295 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 49491 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1506 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8476 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2632 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15411 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7150 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7187 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10145 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5485 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8281 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11546 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12645 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3548 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6239 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6142 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2480 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 14455 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2196 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 1
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 16358 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7427 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9348 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7152 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 1970 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2020 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3896 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6904 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14219 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7018 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1660 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1547 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3555 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10564 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 3: 15532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 25508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 21408 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6413 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 31081 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 32800 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8438 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2062 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6086 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5640 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7784 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 17499 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 2: 17296 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 4
eat 0
get 2
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2428 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 4398 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 14882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7807 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 6689 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8235 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3341 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3201 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6690 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8959 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7688 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7622 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3282 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5465 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5604 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1554 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2070 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9828 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12048 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7783 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7139 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5701 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7912 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 33269 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10428 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7587 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3598 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4132 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6365 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 1
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7147 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 15229 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15286 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8804 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17086 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1608 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1766 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5628 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 16988 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6068 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1761 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1732 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 21079 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6267 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 35029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2163 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1353 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9487 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6435 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7950 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3894 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3879 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5648 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 1
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8401 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 2: 36546 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 4
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 1271 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2882 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2021 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2941 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6175 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7092 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6195 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3306 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2004 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5738 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 25613 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 25949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1938 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2111 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2113 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 14101 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6905 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9582 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9226 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5953 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5924 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2102 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1463 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 10099 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 17078 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2639 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1565 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1931 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2070 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14503 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6583 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5898 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6860 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 23091 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2945 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3788 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3455 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 43407 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3236 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2340 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 10863 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 18182 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8348 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8140 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2707 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2559 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9296 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 15008 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6296 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5918 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2552 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2595 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2051 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 18670 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7488 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7484 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2298 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4060 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3079 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3969 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7297 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2243 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6759 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 26684 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5793 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3815 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2023 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8196 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5617 clocks since last eat
put 2
eat 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 9039 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2882 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 12767 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2711 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2019 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8281 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6299 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6260 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8430 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1442 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8448 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1880 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4476 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6590 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5480 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7499 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1689 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1760 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6267 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6370 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11805 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 23635 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9719 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2155 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2355 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 26224 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6889 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7220 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2669 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6057 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6813 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 15854 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2518 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7124 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 27206 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 1
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4005 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8717 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8209 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7494 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9943 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8063 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6695 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1895 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1486 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9160 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16696 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7536 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6138 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2034 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1539 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9174 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7658 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7149 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3159 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7371 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6095 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1320 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2251 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 19361 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7663 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6785 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1389 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1216 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13568 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5437 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14117 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1304 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5900 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9424 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6112 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1490 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5128 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 59273 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9505 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3234 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6359 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7954 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1951 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2110 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 40586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7245 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 20598 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2022 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2109 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5635 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8682 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17767 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7480 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5995 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6226 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2108 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5764 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 22970 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2082 clocks since last eat
get 4
Philosopher 0: 19103 clocks since last eat
put 0
put 2
think 2
think 0
get 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12891 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14642 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7512 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7406 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4407 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1954 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8478 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1631 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 4503 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3629 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14875 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8405 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6341 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2870 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7023 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14252 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6954 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1690 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5902 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14800 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11253 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2156 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 9432 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 27728 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6390 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6323 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8764 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1922 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2451 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8370 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9354 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6157 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8339 clocks since last eat
get 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10469 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2473 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1821 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6734 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 16986 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5593 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6012 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8204 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2283 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 18321 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1501 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1477 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7914 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5369 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9752 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8671 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 25765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2956 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5384 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10072 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1988 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5497 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 15441 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 14848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1569 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2038 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15189 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6685 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 13826 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1597 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 4353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6066 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9065 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5973 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2409 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2163 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9950 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8464 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 29304 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 9746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3088 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4003 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5973 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5821 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1981 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 16472 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 12171 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16213 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1735 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1805 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5468 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5346 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14380 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1500 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 21755 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6086 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 24564 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2928 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5597 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5048 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9109 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13071 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 19269 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3403 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 11194 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7748 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2509 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8636 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4507 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6580 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6615 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8544 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 12939 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 17098 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8161 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2265 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7654 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2344 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16250 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7222 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9612 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7407 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2353 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2282 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9155 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5162 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7828 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5648 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14339 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1582 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14446 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 15325 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 23171 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 4
think 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2282 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5530 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 4
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9610 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16453 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 7633 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3159 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8389 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6512 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7357 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17957 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7798 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6382 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5599 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7733 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6052 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7964 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 16755 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2457 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2169 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 19941 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2030 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7885 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6185 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1878 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 18411 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 12051 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6997 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5323 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 6356 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2224 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1766 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3480 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16110 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5646 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7062 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2494 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 10507 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5969 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9455 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6767 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1388 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7480 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 3: 3196 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2027 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7976 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16396 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8454 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7914 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2056 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8184 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5653 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8215 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 11874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14416 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7473 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2584 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7562 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5709 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1735 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14798 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 6367 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 18266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 26807 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1976 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10054 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5601 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10136 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8219 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2127 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5867 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9077 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16996 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2309 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 4036 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5842 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5331 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 18665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2639 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5774 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5672 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16193 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1322 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8590 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2394 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8712 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 33333 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5888 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1966 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6147 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5766 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13689 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 17619 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3916 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7058 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 22149 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6036 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 6737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8605 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1468 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3913 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1920 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3957 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3839 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7841 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7941 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2295 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12221 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5989 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8036 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7876 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3115 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 22478 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7568 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6356 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8831 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1460 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11320 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2145 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 15220 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5823 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6089 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10236 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 18789 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8112 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6121 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 10967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1595 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1533 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15503 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9802 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2386 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2133 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8724 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2188 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5515 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7311 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2594 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2630 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 12040 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7494 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 23599 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6237 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 15241 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 1631 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 18233 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2987 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5725 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5952 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8495 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5695 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5864 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 21125 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 17584 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 26488 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 15568 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7532 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2801 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 18488 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5082 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7224 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10422 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1821 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7377 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4281 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 24128 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6323 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8820 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2421 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7389 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7485 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7358 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10691 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8478 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5117 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2300 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7949 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7381 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2585 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7701 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2756 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3182 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 18372 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7469 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7604 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7538 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2423 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3366 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6357 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6742 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7184 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3040 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12260 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 1
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8519 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5545 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6084 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 9130 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9568 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2943 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6269 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9772 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9679 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2298 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8488 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3020 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6109 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6416 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9300 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2641 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 13483 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6036 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2974 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2976 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3173 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15622 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5670 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 34953 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9190 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2298 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6020 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8869 clocks since last eat
put 3
put 0
think 0
think 3
get 1
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 15661 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2330 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5737 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
get 4
Philosopher 1: 15516 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6510 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2061 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 12564 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2111 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 4843 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6139 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5922 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1914 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2267 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 34920 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6140 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7444 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1889 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7534 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6167 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 25584 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 18069 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 3451 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
get 1
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2698 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6317 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5954 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1858 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1798 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6064 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6197 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2045 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 27114 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6443 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 25861 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2180 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 30011 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4145 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 2
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8603 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6184 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8639 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9964 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10029 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7020 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2082 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10414 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3141 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14022 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5475 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6876 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7730 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6373 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6758 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1720 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 17180 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3646 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2259 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 4895 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 5971 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6691 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2688 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6203 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16525 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 25536 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3339 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 4059 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 3100 clocks since last eat
think 3
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5372 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 8052 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8088 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7446 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 18109 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3861 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8708 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 6624 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6841 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1758 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1405 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 16246 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5753 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8161 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2264 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2068 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3073 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 14820 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5878 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9347 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1420 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5317 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 15124 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5678 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2551 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 16352 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6499 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8579 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 25267 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3277 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6109 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8174 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2841 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10761 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1591 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 19313 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5760 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7795 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2775 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2682 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 12077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6008 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6255 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2474 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8323 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1481 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 20208 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14773 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6371 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6655 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5250 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5305 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1614 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2770 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 19802 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7748 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 17889 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7333 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 19846 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4780 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7382 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10539 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2891 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8739 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 10243 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5944 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9223 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8605 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7958 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3660 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3447 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2175 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3558 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7149 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7103 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10733 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1692 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8130 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3306 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14472 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8120 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8528 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7933 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2338 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5610 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7762 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1460 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16395 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2104 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8856 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13087 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7852 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7576 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7213 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2657 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 8331 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3388 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8002 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6221 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6096 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9459 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2283 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6971 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 18137 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 10491 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8141 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 13108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7840 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1791 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1545 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4782 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5910 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14477 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5760 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7162 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2431 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 18709 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5892 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7825 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2076 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2167 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10782 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2563 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8722 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7018 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7325 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 20169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3016 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1613 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8031 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1494 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5822 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14322 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 17293 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2004 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 30348 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5721 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1736 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2006 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5357 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14850 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6148 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 16251 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 4
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 20297 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 4686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2190 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3602 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6555 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11105 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6576 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7501 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 10337 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 4119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8267 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8613 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8507 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3002 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5705 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1366 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9281 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3223 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5994 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9587 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 4: 27160 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3747 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3511 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5543 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1101 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5948 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9789 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1688 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7221 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5604 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1591 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3094 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15685 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7634 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6286 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 27447 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7813 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6328 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15957 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1621 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1511 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3751 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9403 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 16315 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6275 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1599 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5739 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5894 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1846 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 20331 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 23077 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7190 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1667 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9132 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7383 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 21871 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5537 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2319 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1695 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5758 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5991 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1455 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 20758 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2475 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 15973 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 56140 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7132 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10962 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3673 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3056 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6391 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5989 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1925 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2137 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11811 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2787 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 21565 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7966 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 19321 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 1
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 4479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3880 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6847 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5710 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1741 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1617 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1523 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6373 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 20938 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5209 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 21703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 21526 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3167 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2359 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6034 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8165 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2311 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 22535 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5926 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13416 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5811 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5884 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2284 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 27341 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3966 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1971 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 24715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9413 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8412 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8574 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2115 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6252 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10349 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1852 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1544 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3656 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13744 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 17960 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9839 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 5952 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13114 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 15847 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1455 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9103 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2180 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 11351 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5766 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2441 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 35927 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6962 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6687 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1614 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10342 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2665 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8968 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3060 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2722 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6270 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5502 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1254 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4523 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 14738 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 16481 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1990 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2026 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5971 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6067 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11438 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3072 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2856 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3648 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7963 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7853 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1210 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 4: 7517 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 1
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9224 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1525 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7578 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5893 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8192 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7561 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2127 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2135 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7733 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5883 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6164 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 50903 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1580 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7911 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 14074 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1913 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1365 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9085 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6435 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1545 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 20299 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 15184 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8007 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17626 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6264 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 4049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8001 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7891 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7668 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8102 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2368 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 4739 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6674 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6277 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7130 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11137 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 6991 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2644 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 4963 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6082 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10443 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1455 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 13990 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5952 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8212 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2843 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3596 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2932 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2984 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1555 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6169 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10089 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16320 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 9662 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3563 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8092 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9485 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6468 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2592 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1363 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5803 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 15594 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6284 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 17779 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2133 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2365 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 4495 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8447 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2553 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1853 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3278 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6631 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 14267 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1446 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2183 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2176 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 36232 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8935 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8995 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 13324 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5414 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5591 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1957 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 14993 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6366 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6679 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6172 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8430 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 27196 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 29222 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2590 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8962 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 8335 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6454 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2049 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1990 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8832 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6182 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17729 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2554 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18249 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7867 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6317 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1469 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9523 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2483 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2993 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5875 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7259 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6015 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6249 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2461 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3098 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2964 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2529 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6532 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6192 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8322 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1697 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1996 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8108 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 16789 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1217 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 39000 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6691 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2204 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3078 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2503 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6040 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7642 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6514 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5674 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8041 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7928 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2330 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6288 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 18564 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 34962 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6220 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5885 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5840 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5751 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7421 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 9582 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3836 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1391 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1545 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 27287 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6009 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 38491 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2028 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1607 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1213 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8478 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14206 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7095 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2745 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2540 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6200 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8189 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 4928 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7455 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1972 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6108 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6210 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 14184 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14231 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3926 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5717 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7400 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7722 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2067 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1989 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2255 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8850 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6032 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7268 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7766 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2693 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2880 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9229 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 87127 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 5521 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7800 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6932 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2191 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 13309 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5817 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6288 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1932 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 15551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 17659 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 22817 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7524 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8083 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2522 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9747 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4154 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2250 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3072 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6902 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6878 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10800 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 1950 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8357 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5759 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5678 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9375 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1986 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2166 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6611 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7043 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 23649 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7627 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3351 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3210 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6219 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8474 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2608 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3153 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6582 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5827 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6301 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3400 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 1647 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3517 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6270 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 44271 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1675 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1908 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14861 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6351 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15525 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 8952 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 34686 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8930 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8252 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2767 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1828 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 8558 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6129 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2101 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2242 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6238 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6080 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1404 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2211 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13985 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6086 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4038 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6253 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 25434 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 41038 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3216 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9436 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3075 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6305 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11620 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10222 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2063 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7406 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5832 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8216 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16300 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6322 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 24573 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2121 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2177 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 17742 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7306 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 9222 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12950 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 5617 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1863 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1811 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 13367 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6068 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6353 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2242 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 34162 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2177 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 17301 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2501 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5891 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12089 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6604 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2419 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2723 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 18040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7963 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7501 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10514 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3346 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 21038 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3178 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6130 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8417 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8451 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2591 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13863 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4666 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2604 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5504 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7816 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1873 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1534 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6112 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7698 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6654 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9888 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6792 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 2: 7335 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 4
eat 0
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 24033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1659 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1856 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5653 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2169 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1814 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7516 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 5905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 17828 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 19470 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7792 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1823 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5653 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5911 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12540 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10764 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6020 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6550 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5742 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17812 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2175 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2170 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1924 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 24233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7239 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6394 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2718 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 38431 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8865 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5985 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8121 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7294 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1993 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9411 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 1680 clocks since last eat
get 0
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 16497 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7735 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8426 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 4070 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2098 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5443 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7448 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10240 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2101 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1647 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7098 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6190 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7588 clocks since last eat
put 0
eat 3
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7969 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2070 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 4343 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 30649 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6691 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6651 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5649 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 7321 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1451 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9337 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6901 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7280 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1437 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3825 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2007 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 27336 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 18759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 8727 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2670 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9292 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4145 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15334 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 4: 7842 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 1
get 1
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6529 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2228 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9828 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5496 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5475 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15688 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2275 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1905 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8018 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6782 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2290 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 19923 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6225 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5786 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9509 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2319 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 35413 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6654 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6301 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3352 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 2459 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6619 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 15628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 33343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8565 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2192 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5866 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6446 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 10230 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11342 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2591 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2421 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8181 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2317 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5526 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7425 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9739 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4301 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4249 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3321 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3198 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5203 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5751 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 33711 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3494 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8725 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1959 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 38677 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2530 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6504 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11105 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5198 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5570 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1838 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14681 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8010 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26075 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 23569 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1961 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8487 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14618 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10615 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2237 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5979 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 15105 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3694 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 4797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2584 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 24043 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6127 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1793 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2044 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 12730 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15455 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 14850 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8496 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1689 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5841 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6157 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8055 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2462 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10533 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6635 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6263 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10971 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5634 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7540 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16429 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1258 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1560 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13909 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5867 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12548 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2190 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6706 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1562 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8203 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6153 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5680 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11520 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7501 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1907 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2016 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 50962 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11762 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15707 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 88616 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 12120 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1654 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1464 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1419 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5695 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9997 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5880 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1684 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6398 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 27172 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8163 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1803 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7400 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14105 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 46320 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 11823 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7607 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6272 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11260 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6176 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 4: 7466 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 1
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3064 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2001 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 9050 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1952 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7027 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 5430 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 9496 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 25106 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3485 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6830 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8732 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8622 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2073 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13303 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5596 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7218 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9404 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 16589 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8519 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6004 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8730 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8803 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6052 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6261 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10133 clocks since last eat
get 3
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8203 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2252 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4528 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 21259 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7769 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 9129 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1536 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2926 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2131 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2264 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1429 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 20291 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 11430 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10527 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1530 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7215 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 28874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6668 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7150 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3812 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2678 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7961 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7171 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1443 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9725 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5564 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 4: 35661 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6638 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9551 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8511 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3378 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7630 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7631 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10084 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2068 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7437 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3964 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10084 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8338 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7678 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9925 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4871 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11060 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12381 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 5381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7629 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2330 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5723 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7975 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2262 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6502 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 19555 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1730 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6432 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6440 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15846 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1572 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 17348 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9802 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 14010 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2016 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2261 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 46024 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2417 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 5845 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 20570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7752 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5784 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1550 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3501 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1867 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6066 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 15218 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1605 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1962 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8258 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6137 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5930 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1883 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8201 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2349 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 22424 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5969 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1188 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 34867 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7460 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4476 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 16240 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7762 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7635 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7219 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2405 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5021 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6759 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1515 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2270 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7558 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 24118 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 32376 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6105 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 20033 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 20419 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2196 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8226 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 24383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2453 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8240 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10060 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11548 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 12688 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7129 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7673 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6688 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2105 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1608 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7295 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6069 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 15895 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3106 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7675 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3893 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6995 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5946 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2078 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14672 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2900 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 18443 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 37262 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4835 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5715 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1893 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8990 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 3020 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6773 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5400 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6907 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2524 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 8750 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6596 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2089 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 16927 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2196 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16107 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6508 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14510 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5704 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5834 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 14676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2063 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2198 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 30669 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7216 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7236 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7234 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 29165 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5803 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7711 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6651 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15199 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 3266 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2591 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2234 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2422 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2539 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 17210 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5765 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7331 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6842 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1642 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3747 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6005 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10139 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7557 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1606 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3065 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5964 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6219 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6317 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 15632 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 31130 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9554 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7569 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8065 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9484 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8855 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3447 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7176 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7585 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7653 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6864 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1522 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3593 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6708 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9569 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15510 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7915 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2348 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 3445 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 14157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7403 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1587 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7680 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9892 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7760 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7359 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6504 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10184 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3887 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1425 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 18181 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8177 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1559 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1503 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13028 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5619 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5663 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1561 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3414 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6262 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 24861 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8194 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2031 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8313 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5859 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 23226 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 1196 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9171 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2421 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5771 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5937 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1766 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1621 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 23314 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6812 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 23915 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7580 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2306 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6877 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6549 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 33210 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3900 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 23672 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 14575 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6514 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8825 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2543 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3552 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9418 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2340 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6063 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2512 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2246 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7807 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2130 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2137 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5891 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 25821 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6253 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2568 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8479 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2080 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9145 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11842 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13614 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 44402 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 5716 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12568 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7498 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3417 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6213 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 22134 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2042 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8197 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3415 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1441 clocks since last eat
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7817 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7557 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 18672 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1409 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3544 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8605 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15251 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8331 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12264 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 12450 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1821 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 11746 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6712 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2307 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2106 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10735 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 13398 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7005 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6374 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2228 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1934 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4025 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5879 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1517 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17965 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2388 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7181 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15233 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7386 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1510 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 14387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6302 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8245 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 16927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
eat 2
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6360 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2138 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 36140 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1475 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 15598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6308 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10584 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 10819 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7831 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3118 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9157 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6277 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6285 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9921 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4187 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2337 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9012 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7508 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 18272 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8295 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2453 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5820 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 7954 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6959 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12083 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3252 clocks since last eat
put 2
eat 4
think 2
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 3464 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7882 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8041 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9494 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9502 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3692 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4324 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4061 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1965 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6195 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6173 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1985 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6379 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8351 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 30657 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
get 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 23690 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3751 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3657 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5670 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15067 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6880 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7224 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 3336 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4394 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6515 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1487 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 13643 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5366 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5299 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 16573 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3943 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7244 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10306 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2327 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 1648 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 26028 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7776 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6436 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16887 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8545 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 4021 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5517 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7045 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 2
eat 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 10449 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2396 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6582 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8237 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 26571 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2016 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2048 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1265 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 9790 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6646 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15659 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1929 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5912 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5893 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 20720 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6647 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7079 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15718 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1524 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 4238 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4450 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6053 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 24793 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1316 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4307 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7770 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6704 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1690 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1445 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1751 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10462 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 10710 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6263 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6010 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1654 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7943 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2246 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 32892 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5701 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 16060 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7816 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2007 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7142 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 15490 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1856 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10666 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3244 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1433 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7363 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6053 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6114 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 9781 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2772 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 4811 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5406 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7561 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 25469 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1969 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7219 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 15851 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1854 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8198 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10657 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2138 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8106 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2454 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6550 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6760 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16946 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 11486 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3234 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2532 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 15969 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6092 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1631 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1430 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11117 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14265 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14932 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6187 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1905 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5838 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10296 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 17034 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 19179 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6594 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9063 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7420 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7650 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1571 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 4432 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6418 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5901 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8060 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11797 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11479 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9393 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8947 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1526 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8561 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8855 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10623 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7315 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8213 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12374 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6274 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2579 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2743 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 15771 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 23304 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8275 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8411 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8725 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4004 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6248 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5506 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1655 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1564 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6677 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14096 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6803 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2689 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2413 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2935 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2574 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2473 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6427 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7360 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 27339 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7587 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1845 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 3451 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7088 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7315 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10380 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5383 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5140 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2097 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1788 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1746 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4444 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3597 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 23552 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7580 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6349 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7443 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2330 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5859 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5655 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7405 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2003 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2005 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5597 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5725 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 24442 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2850 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4616 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5613 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6272 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7931 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10823 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 28679 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5792 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6024 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1849 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5771 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5748 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1851 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1707 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 23773 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6777 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 25876 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2714 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7596 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2084 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2017 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 35198 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7089 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6570 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2211 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5539 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8118 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1970 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2345 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 25366 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6626 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7269 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3253 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 28141 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17003 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1618 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8656 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14362 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 14041 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2150 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2154 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1923 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6773 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 7525 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2479 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 17590 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2081 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 24672 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1901 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7463 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11138 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5989 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9768 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1769 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3550 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14056 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6287 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6774 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8782 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1712 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1439 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 24661 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10231 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9291 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7646 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1404 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1413 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6073 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2191 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8144 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2333 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 12068 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6809 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6818 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6586 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 20526 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2359 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2441 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4127 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7308 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5956 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 17336 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 1
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7902 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5992 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1715 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1595 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14161 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 25104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1925 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5507 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17345 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2283 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6923 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 4
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9888 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 17983 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8191 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8015 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 2
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7794 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2250 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 13564 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6827 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 16125 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1962 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 7345 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3781 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5309 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7379 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6096 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15989 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3644 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3689 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2692 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2071 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8895 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6323 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8232 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7666 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3769 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3381 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8484 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7679 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7167 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2020 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1646 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7377 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5825 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5778 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 15751 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 18338 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6527 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6979 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7052 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1632 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3795 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13177 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6975 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 16334 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10535 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6227 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2281 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 9954 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3150 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2012 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 10895 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5612 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15060 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7487 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1570 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2043 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6207 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 19983 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5287 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5242 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14723 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2042 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8182 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2052 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 28966 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 38710 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7839 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7861 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5947 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7141 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7080 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13919 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2811 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 4495 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5681 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2707 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1409 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1535 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 17536 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6426 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 20203 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2074 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1918 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5689 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5464 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7499 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16194 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1774 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5360 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5533 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2095 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10900 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6233 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 15984 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2009 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7757 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1535 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7761 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6471 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2183 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1895 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6544 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8583 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 4
think 1
think 4
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6929 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 24479 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2936 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 3662 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2194 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7856 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6327 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1770 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7998 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 81543 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 14085 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 14244 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5929 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6004 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14514 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 24164 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2220 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 18272 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5840 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8103 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 10196 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5810 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1909 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16655 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12589 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 16895 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5197 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8176 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1547 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1679 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5914 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 15038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1494 clocks since last eat
get 3
put 4
Philosopher 1: 20918 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 13435 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7973 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4145 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2461 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8970 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6672 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1827 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5885 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5823 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1926 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6043 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 44282 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 6803 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2742 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 27297 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2676 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 32417 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6780 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6559 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2323 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2351 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10448 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6354 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1733 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5920 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7828 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 16103 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 14498 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1532 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1624 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1710 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10169 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10329 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2284 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 18342 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8649 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8330 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5254 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6753 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11508 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5503 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10195 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8688 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 32287 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6955 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1674 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 16463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7341 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14407 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6633 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2141 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2134 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1728 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8547 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 24544 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6790 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2631 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 18176 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 4044 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5992 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6749 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 11220 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 10695 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4466 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7600 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8073 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6090 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8127 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1916 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4176 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5957 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5685 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10151 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1939 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5064 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7721 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9680 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6710 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2066 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 4902 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 29076 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5734 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7920 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7545 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6852 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5606 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6810 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1915 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2079 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6055 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5876 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10127 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4184 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 19284 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 4206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7585 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 4398 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2345 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2011 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5619 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 9180 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6430 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 41102 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3870 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5527 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5310 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 16381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10621 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 10628 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4112 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8460 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7737 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7993 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2386 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8125 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7812 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 6383 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10343 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2190 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8318 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6034 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 23915 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9962 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7984 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8605 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1441 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14497 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 17104 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9062 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5423 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 21006 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8626 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7905 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2264 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 17396 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6836 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6805 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9179 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1844 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10377 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8015 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 6984 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8713 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11630 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 3
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8263 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8028 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6590 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2001 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5690 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 15671 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 18984 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2092 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1973 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5852 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18517 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7299 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1787 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3960 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 23055 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3010 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 19966 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1406 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7580 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8836 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 18386 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7720 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2279 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5247 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6478 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8684 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6683 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13417 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13725 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6847 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2085 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9054 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2168 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2297 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6617 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6691 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11210 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 20701 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2932 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2884 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2528 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1733 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8008 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7030 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 16917 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7665 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2366 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 3366 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9948 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6342 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6344 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6796 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12677 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15080 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6125 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5848 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9265 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 19260 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5113 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8079 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8431 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2031 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6351 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5948 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7845 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6056 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6015 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 46142 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 19633 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 4390 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8200 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17837 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8017 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2027 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8059 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4164 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8265 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7822 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2327 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2435 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6041 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13882 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1689 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1860 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5919 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6000 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1575 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16943 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5822 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 41625 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3089 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3021 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2501 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1634 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9557 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6255 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 33370 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10050 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6838 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10849 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 19063 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8871 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 13396 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6030 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6140 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9578 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3642 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5756 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7502 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6020 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2051 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1647 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 16591 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 26920 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2188 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8129 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2249 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5692 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5455 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1909 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2061 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 18056 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12289 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7214 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6370 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9936 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2504 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5326 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5264 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1683 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11693 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6410 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6741 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 1926 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7844 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 36077 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1604 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5317 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8450 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2348 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8173 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3157 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 12449 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 1
get 4
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7502 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6131 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6521 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 29763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3707 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2115 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4095 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7737 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5732 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7824 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1736 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5658 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6178 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1610 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1623 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6218 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10411 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 28233 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 25116 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5501 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5647 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2115 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15026 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 17142 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7698 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6855 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2702 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2094 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1789 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 5650 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 9204 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1548 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 2516 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3578 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2004 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1426 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5912 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8063 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16655 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7204 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2357 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3167 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7653 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7564 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 35023 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8922 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3836 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5798 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7570 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5825 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1760 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1950 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 18102 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 5722 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8699 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1882 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1525 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1441 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9677 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 25511 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6580 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7324 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5997 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6395 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2638 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2769 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 22112 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6140 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6161 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10461 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1529 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4933 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6827 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11855 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8184 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3581 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6567 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6629 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 42655 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2298 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 34272 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9190 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2628 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8196 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9640 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7343 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7361 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2279 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 4030 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2096 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 11807 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5822 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5565 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1530 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7965 clocks since last eat
get 0
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2406 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11625 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7552 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6175 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6790 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 17851 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8911 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2004 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7914 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6039 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1491 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7509 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2190 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 14259 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8379 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5799 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8144 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10199 clocks since last eat
get 2
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 28354 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2041 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 9839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6053 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1466 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10632 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14578 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 19063 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7450 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2516 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2112 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6111 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 15863 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6594 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 11393 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9246 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3181 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 2
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 4779 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11984 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2314 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1580 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1706 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6117 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6051 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5958 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1555 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1619 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 22898 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1641 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7485 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9538 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6609 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8876 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7357 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9400 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 35571 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9153 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6273 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7994 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7499 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3771 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15874 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7364 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7307 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1920 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 3011 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
eat 2
get 0
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2251 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 5826 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14195 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7168 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 16231 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1719 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3745 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2944 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2808 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5815 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5558 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2035 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2320 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 11234 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15182 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 24283 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8685 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10697 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
Philosopher 4: 12949 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2422 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2324 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8331 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11811 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4373 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 2
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7968 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6209 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5151 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2483 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7960 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2312 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7038 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6988 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 11552 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8160 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6112 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10291 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2132 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 2
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10389 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9161 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2403 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5977 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8673 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2149 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8015 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2395 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5154 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 4977 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1669 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1578 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 15866 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2155 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 14495 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7647 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8350 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8377 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6864 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9100 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2216 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8768 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5795 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 41632 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6710 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 15583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9625 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6094 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6788 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11108 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3088 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1755 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1511 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6080 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6539 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2638 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2252 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5912 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5950 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1548 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7777 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2297 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 11748 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 31971 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6689 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7206 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6329 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7260 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 11077 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5396 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7956 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7113 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9428 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4532 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3696 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 6534 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8985 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8305 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 3645 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 3182 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5946 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11758 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8240 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6299 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8162 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3099 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1906 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5726 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5526 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8999 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 24607 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5924 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7632 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6049 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1602 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 11803 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2223 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 15691 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6488 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6172 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10104 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3582 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13088 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5865 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8672 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8835 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1464 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2714 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2438 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 14028 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15663 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6152 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10415 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3621 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7408 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15205 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7757 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9820 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8291 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8250 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3728 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2926 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2167 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6394 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18519 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5835 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2230 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12292 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1817 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5427 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7514 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 15045 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2331 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7800 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16535 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9358 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 9185 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8798 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2211 clocks since last eat
get 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8414 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6920 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1963 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15162 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6770 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2281 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2082 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 27023 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 24586 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6917 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13773 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8539 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14955 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3500 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3275 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5432 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 14919 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2731 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8541 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7336 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7033 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10554 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2061 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1896 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 9003 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6271 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6553 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2275 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2846 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5471 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 8209 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2547 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 18442 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 38466 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3646 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5903 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1560 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1473 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 17041 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 13794 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6847 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1635 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2996 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16449 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7463 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7621 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2947 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2772 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5587 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7588 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7524 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2262 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8714 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12996 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3658 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3184 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6512 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5860 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 11170 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2731 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 14725 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5673 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7359 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7543 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1762 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1617 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5811 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8330 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6113 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2236 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2125 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 21424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6575 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8023 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 20060 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2019 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1757 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8544 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 17988 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6377 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8283 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 19371 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8860 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7532 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7499 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6980 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 10719 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3989 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2888 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2341 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5283 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 4971 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1589 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9447 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11696 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6059 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7810 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6461 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2380 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2274 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3432 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2295 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1297 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 24459 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7911 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6541 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 15347 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 2115 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 20359 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3218 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 2134 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3427 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2922 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5505 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 16710 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7763 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6934 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5804 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5741 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7382 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3613 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2077 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5918 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5736 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1386 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6977 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1722 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7340 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6082 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6091 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1367 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1473 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5996 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 33957 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9454 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 42455 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2173 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1560 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5325 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 14400 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9441 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6768 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5541 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14822 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2611 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8404 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8301 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2586 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 28170 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 9917 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
get 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11417 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11211 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4038 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2369 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9570 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5529 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 28754 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7087 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2846 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3585 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2016 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2114 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16569 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7131 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2155 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7228 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 17437 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 15005 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2053 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8111 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1577 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5886 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2489 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18591 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13342 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4715 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16012 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8062 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2040 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 8213 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13275 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13403 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 12913 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 13051 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8671 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2084 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3319 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6065 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14220 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6465 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14467 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7316 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2369 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3125 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5996 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5748 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7911 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2218 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 34188 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1801 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3220 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6484 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6423 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1475 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2627 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 32618 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 22440 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8716 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8366 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2689 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1528 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8575 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6461 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 17177 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13439 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 3301 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9377 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5894 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10394 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2509 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6468 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6002 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1646 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 19454 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2169 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5427 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5392 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7543 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 17425 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2027 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6307 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6522 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2133 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2056 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6368 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2665 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18512 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3126 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5789 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5971 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1962 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1753 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10099 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5814 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 59952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6314 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2232 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 18839 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2363 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5863 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2237 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2079 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1606 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5356 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6006 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 18021 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15867 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1787 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5939 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 23586 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1960 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1751 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1740 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5698 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5592 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15325 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1567 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 19747 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5413 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7938 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1630 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5872 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6294 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11790 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2431 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2100 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5993 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5644 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7057 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 19131 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1609 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 5477 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 54930 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6946 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9434 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7386 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 16060 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2017 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1917 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5906 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1865 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 17042 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5935 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6421 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 23511 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 11095 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3964 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2216 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6219 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15360 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2020 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8052 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7737 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 4: 1937 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6446 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18056 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2100 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14217 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 17278 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8117 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3834 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6279 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8971 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 10487 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8923 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8181 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2238 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5637 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6397 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15328 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7866 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7024 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1994 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1810 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5165 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7116 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 29307 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 55081 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1902 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5849 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6106 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2175 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10648 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2565 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2337 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 17707 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7660 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 18363 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 20514 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2489 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6397 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5920 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1531 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 45547 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 24832 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 29162 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9592 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8114 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1563 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1635 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1875 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6065 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 14624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1724 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1927 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5512 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 17266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 25171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15169 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8210 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 4538 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 4428 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8139 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8343 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8202 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8196 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3661 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7045 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6930 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6904 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9888 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7193 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2489 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2519 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7364 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6732 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1761 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7970 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2481 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12481 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6300 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6160 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 14538 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1552 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7368 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5150 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1703 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2107 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2190 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5812 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 23209 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 22526 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15638 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2673 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6258 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13268 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8295 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1907 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6776 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7126 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6720 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2510 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3433 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 3249 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 21811 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5967 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5786 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8169 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 10075 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 2401 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3979 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5753 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6970 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8052 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 34736 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1651 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1503 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5494 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5673 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1447 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 16036 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 12387 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6190 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7787 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1594 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1513 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3344 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 25240 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 16119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2016 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7395 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2321 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6131 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1557 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1994 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5871 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 14603 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6253 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 30244 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6122 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 3
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 30914 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3219 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3649 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2819 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7312 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18072 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8382 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10813 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4488 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7120 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6699 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 15990 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2549 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4571 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2529 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3361 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 11542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7965 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1519 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8083 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10037 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6510 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2432 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8435 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2253 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6028 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6671 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9877 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 12548 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 2
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6268 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 28889 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2355 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1597 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1722 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1692 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10354 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6338 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 20199 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5194 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 14522 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 18695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 4044 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5659 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9367 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14957 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2850 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8840 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2878 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6814 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6937 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2648 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2408 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9329 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2668 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6866 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6240 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1504 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10444 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5535 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7358 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6392 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2970 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16920 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3498 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7209 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1585 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3840 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 10909 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6630 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6237 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1651 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8565 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10028 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5553 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5788 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7581 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2149 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1820 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5527 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5729 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2037 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15019 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 79239 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1606 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7189 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 1843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1944 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5572 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1685 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9121 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 35055 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1617 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 21803 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7113 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1761 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7407 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2230 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9496 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6406 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6114 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8152 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 18752 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3645 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8658 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 14754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 1453 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7934 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3486 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 1784 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10370 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6112 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8934 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6540 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8319 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 20160 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7169 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6017 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 10569 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2535 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 10232 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9339 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1720 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14590 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2141 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8037 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 17570 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6186 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6078 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2133 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2248 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6799 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6821 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7024 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1498 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 19087 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2135 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7692 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2059 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7769 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2096 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5728 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 48437 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7697 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1859 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7831 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1857 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5566 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5595 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1881 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1705 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1532 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5477 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5714 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 16924 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2382 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 19485 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2866 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3366 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6131 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 5977 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 41699 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1693 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5680 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6088 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 17636 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3382 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3020 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3874 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7344 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6281 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9129 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1792 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7445 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5914 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 27735 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6829 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2949 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3004 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2003 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5792 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8476 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8111 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2065 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7831 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1584 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3432 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6113 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6104 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5797 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1466 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 3328 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5541 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7194 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5678 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 18506 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1644 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 3511 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7250 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6018 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6059 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 49868 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2459 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2147 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1568 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7380 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10132 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6681 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8455 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1801 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 4390 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3202 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5768 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7919 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7669 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7951 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 4: 28911 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1971 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5576 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5641 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 11601 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9723 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 1
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3914 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13374 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6947 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8587 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6412 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1984 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5553 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2364 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2332 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5933 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5671 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1837 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 19743 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7915 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6716 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 8456 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3721 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9677 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 37035 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13403 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 2: 13082 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12034 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11702 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 11627 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 4077 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5805 clocks since last eat
get 0
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7980 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7985 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8082 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5703 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5543 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8198 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 14510 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6155 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8392 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8318 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1373 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3752 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5691 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8047 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 17102 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 1274 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2995 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9054 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2208 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5532 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8031 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15493 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10925 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5505 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7258 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1831 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1889 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6163 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6422 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 17890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2307 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 20462 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5482 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2094 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2113 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 25537 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2285 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6255 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15640 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1818 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8312 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 2382 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6207 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5616 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1601 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1656 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1833 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1924 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6018 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6109 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5636 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5484 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1460 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 33389 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2437 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 25964 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2535 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 9144 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 51088 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1979 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1939 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2163 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13830 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 16053 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6052 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 16637 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2202 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16894 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 11035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6449 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6522 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7569 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 11088 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1855 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7390 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7453 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 13551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1551 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3323 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5250 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 12209 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8012 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7812 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8278 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1580 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1935 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1856 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14644 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 14850 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7594 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 32309 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5955 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5782 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1663 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2047 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10670 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 23020 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17155 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6679 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5861 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8076 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2043 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8345 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6586 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 24396 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1596 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1633 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3484 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5669 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6000 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 15695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1886 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3428 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9362 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 41250 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6220 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1968 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 9189 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8833 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 4291 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5720 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 9231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3520 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10375 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7605 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6495 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1301 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3285 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1992 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2377 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 13714 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6617 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6279 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1327 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9423 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 12961 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6109 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6415 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1741 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1804 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9879 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3995 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 3160 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6830 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7222 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6007 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7800 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2235 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2126 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6320 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8599 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10288 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1733 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1769 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5741 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5820 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1928 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 21433 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6348 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1739 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10142 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2279 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2338 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9037 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2398 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6994 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6548 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6388 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2293 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4482 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2968 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6328 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 16056 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 80770 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2071 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5445 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14404 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2346 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1867 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1571 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3241 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 5884 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6143 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1791 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 19451 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7817 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5812 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 7308 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 1
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2062 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9629 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4469 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 26708 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6312 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8724 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9850 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1649 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9013 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7608 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5894 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2326 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7768 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2513 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 14350 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5404 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7260 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1765 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1627 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6933 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6285 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 34266 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1785 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7350 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 17520 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 15660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 3139 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8916 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5769 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2182 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10157 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6357 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2303 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7913 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 31771 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 16480 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7830 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2480 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2091 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5806 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8305 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10881 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 17999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1884 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8118 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6439 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6170 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10863 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3023 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3152 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2077 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6290 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9276 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 24186 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8152 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7839 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1342 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1569 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 10051 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1392 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8204 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1981 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12175 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6612 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6031 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8132 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7627 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6137 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16757 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 24218 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2730 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1806 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6514 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 14280 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 6425 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7461 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2767 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9329 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1876 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5480 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7568 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10531 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2059 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5267 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 6656 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5540 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7347 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 24657 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 15564 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8536 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1974 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3352 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7943 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15072 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1593 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1808 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5734 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14151 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14262 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1921 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4801 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6289 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6726 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2159 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3536 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10927 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 29835 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7730 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6349 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8959 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8132 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2764 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1566 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 10325 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5935 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1506 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1455 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 12738 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7613 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 15819 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6358 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2238 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6364 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14476 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7433 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2470 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18653 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 17846 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5710 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1904 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1891 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5963 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 15376 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1984 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1870 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8095 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1954 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1738 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13606 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6242 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 35194 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3450 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3385 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 39466 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1425 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6884 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5411 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 3
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11535 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6174 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2549 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1962 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 20147 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7172 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5632 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7482 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 2268 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3560 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5475 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6967 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 28898 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3024 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3791 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10266 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7853 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 4079 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6411 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5946 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10178 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8702 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16148 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1852 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1750 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9190 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7035 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8613 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7552 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2022 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 16518 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5596 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5599 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5840 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2096 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1505 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7269 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5579 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7299 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2115 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2215 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 33975 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2714 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 22330 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7487 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7265 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4801 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 13949 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 13322 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5815 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3735 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 0: 8829 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 2
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 0: 1181 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4326 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5021 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3049 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1473 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3475 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13544 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7942 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1939 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7909 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8419 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10155 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2270 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7517 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 7070 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6989 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8682 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3779 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3279 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5890 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2429 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9771 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 21140 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
get 0
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7043 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6910 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6123 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 13835 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8404 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2307 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8061 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2123 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 22424 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6205 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 4895 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6498 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2494 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3838 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6828 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5834 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1632 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 10515 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5375 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 1: 13783 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7363 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2502 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 3548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 27961 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3445 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7396 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7738 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8327 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7537 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2502 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8139 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15190 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 1
Philosopher 3: 10794 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6943 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5629 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 13654 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 13807 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1975 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6128 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5957 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16783 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 14739 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6095 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7799 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8442 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2374 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6287 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 16780 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7134 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2410 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13150 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 2: 6632 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1432 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10130 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8095 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 2: 1698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 4
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1343 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2401 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 17612 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6005 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 17013 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8344 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7661 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 2
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3681 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4316 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2431 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6207 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7477 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9596 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1752 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9046 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7203 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7377 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1709 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5321 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5310 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 22886 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9247 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 1906 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7845 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5846 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1820 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2211 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 32072 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5503 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1509 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8229 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2532 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5675 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 18260 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6718 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1552 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 18710 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2321 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 3
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 15569 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5645 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1713 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7681 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 10002 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 12819 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5673 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 8147 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9952 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9954 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2054 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8226 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6520 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6282 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9790 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1268 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 4074 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2598 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5519 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10147 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6267 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2576 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 14852 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7863 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 28826 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2054 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7923 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2263 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5583 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7031 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11473 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3722 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2312 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6942 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 24714 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8007 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7940 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2433 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2474 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6267 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 17854 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7142 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4268 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 6687 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8347 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 19996 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2339 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9389 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9345 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2400 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5935 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1639 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1653 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1545 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13314 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5669 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1421 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 19846 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2659 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 14521 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 22181 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7795 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2917 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 10313 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6840 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6592 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7581 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 6916 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2880 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2229 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1517 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4006 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5858 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5520 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13327 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6451 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2333 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2951 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 4: 15695 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 1
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5057 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3051 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 33187 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6272 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5751 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3550 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1735 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8206 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1576 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5456 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5766 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1742 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 15510 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 20366 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 6789 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6334 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1751 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10252 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1907 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1868 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5726 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
Philosopher 0: 32461 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6964 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1782 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 3224 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1990 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 5348 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6434 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6424 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1946 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1594 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8300 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 31123 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1828 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7549 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2034 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1974 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13416 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 15401 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 2
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1796 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8124 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1717 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4236 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5868 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5600 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1895 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1764 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5545 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5543 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1375 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 1
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10725 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2078 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2373 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 32190 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1802 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1685 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9320 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 32116 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1581 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7887 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 20876 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5504 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 7355 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8869 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1902 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3702 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4035 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 23201 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8564 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6814 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1687 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8673 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7840 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8094 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1778 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5296 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8006 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 31188 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 17140 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1695 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5317 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 18115 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6608 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 18825 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1995 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 4645 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5778 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1432 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1829 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2013 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 14682 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5599 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 40325 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2319 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 19660 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1767 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8363 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8445 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6586 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8167 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1522 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 3995 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3590 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6784 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6739 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1748 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 12697 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5929 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5814 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 34180 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1917 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3601 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2102 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7153 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10232 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9577 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5603 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5656 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 2: 34110 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 5405 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2754 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 12860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8161 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1583 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7498 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3248 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5390 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7288 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5663 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2215 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9373 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 20428 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8497 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6396 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9295 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 9121 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2356 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6211 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8517 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 8734 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 3802 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6026 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 17646 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5849 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2343 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1390 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5972 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7541 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1967 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1951 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6146 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8090 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2466 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2118 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5615 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5648 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1985 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 9587 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2205 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1893 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 42185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7439 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8053 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 2663 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2249 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 44691 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
get 4
eat 0
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6943 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15646 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7280 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1438 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 12694 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 8250 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 8900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2268 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2290 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1795 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8978 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1932 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6128 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 17232 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7737 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1815 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1442 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 0
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 16725 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8130 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10227 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1961 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 8633 clocks since last eat
put 1
Philosopher 4: 2064 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 1
get 1
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8869 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15655 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7883 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7312 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 7999 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3367 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6359 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6305 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1428 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 0: 13782 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 13288 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7473 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8931 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4049 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4340 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 5935 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8282 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8719 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7327 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1700 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 4351 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6360 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7926 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1501 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3221 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 13526 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 23999 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8762 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2257 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5573 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5685 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2197 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3962 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 20423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6662 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 5825 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6820 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6821 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2847 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2481 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3476 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2319 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5752 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5787 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7590 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9486 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1760 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7040 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 5672 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
get 3
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1776 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1676 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 33068 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5829 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16694 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2606 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1854 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1625 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5936 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5903 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1566 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1499 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 24307 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16920 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 2
think 1
Philosopher 3: 22883 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 7523 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8172 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7431 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3707 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3750 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3553 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
think 0
get 3
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7378 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5937 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1598 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1998 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10316 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 4: 2512 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5818 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 4
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 15415 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2155 clocks since last eat
put 0
Philosopher 2: 7601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 0
eat 4
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7910 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1181 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2545 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 4
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8575 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 8224 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 24928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2041 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6136 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1702 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8002 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 1933 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1930 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1664 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 20971 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7923 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7776 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 24262 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8534 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6923 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1740 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1616 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1711 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1611 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6149 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6246 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 16870 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1740 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6171 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 25040 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 1489 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 24003 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2400 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2014 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 13571 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5505 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 9585 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2143 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5967 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6007 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 26581 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1375 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
Philosopher 2: 16495 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2298 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5858 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1666 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 16370 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 12507 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6169 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8617 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6361 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 2: 9597 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 18185 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2560 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3203 clocks since last eat
put 3
get 0
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2132 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 10010 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6503 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6543 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 10258 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9426 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8658 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7265 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 9149 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1850 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1887 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1543 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9249 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 3: 7056 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 15796 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 4: 8599 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2806 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3718 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7849 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7084 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6348 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1620 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2858 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1888 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2278 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1482 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 33579 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 16493 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2225 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9197 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2071 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 13717 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5908 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1530 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1540 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1714 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9415 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5940 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5892 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15267 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2421 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 20169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2484 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4055 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5061 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6217 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5849 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 17311 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 8345 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 11703 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5615 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 3
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2679 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 11882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3483 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6828 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2085 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8908 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7635 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 24577 clocks since last eat
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
get 2
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9000 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6591 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5869 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1926 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1747 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1701 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5508 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 21155 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6264 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2691 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1923 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1670 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5344 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5213 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 31496 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 10525 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 33121 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1581 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7469 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 1
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6162 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 11175 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3486 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3426 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 6293 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5652 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7867 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2171 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2371 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5311 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6937 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2183 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1616 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1544 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
get 4
Philosopher 1: 4066 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 26312 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 36329 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 8380 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7949 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4014 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5566 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7535 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7343 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2732 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7926 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1555 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1383 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 1
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10182 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6367 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 10022 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8034 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6999 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26382 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7353 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2072 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6420 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 6170 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 1452 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7502 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15636 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 21683 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7810 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 8960 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1417 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7759 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 0
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6798 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 3: 14577 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6381 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1448 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1466 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9625 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 14974 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9523 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7868 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1472 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7468 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6160 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 10176 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 9959 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1637 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6126 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14601 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 2390 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1936 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11746 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
get 1
Philosopher 3: 15624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7172 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7411 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 2569 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6952 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1977 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1729 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5563 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8215 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7353 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 16828 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3959 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7409 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6648 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6270 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8927 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 25870 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9310 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1600 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 5656 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 13329 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6240 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 4
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2204 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11161 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 3
get 4
get 1
Philosopher 3: 6248 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 6066 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 1734 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1353 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6136 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 16402 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 14534 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1819 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2035 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4077 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 35111 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 7387 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6981 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1885 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1809 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13665 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5331 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5173 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1538 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1672 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 4162 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2063 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 22351 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6164 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8210 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1723 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5151 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5401 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 40876 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 14378 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 1832 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 3649 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5880 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 6060 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
Philosopher 3: 8738 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 18336 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11456 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1811 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5594 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7860 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 6320 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10134 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 0
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2938 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 4405 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 14027 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6226 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 9079 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7448 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2124 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1861 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 0: 16557 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
Philosopher 2: 9631 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 9655 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1812 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13343 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1752 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8194 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6744 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7656 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 33445 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 20918 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 12469 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 12726 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
eat 4
get 1
Philosopher 2: 12008 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7568 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2512 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5997 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 5139 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1435 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1617 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
Philosopher 4: 9547 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 2259 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 5718 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 5686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8358 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11674 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2269 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 7775 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
eat 2
get 4
Philosopher 0: 30812 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7477 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2358 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12398 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12781 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7914 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8249 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 0
get 2
Philosopher 1: 2682 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 2364 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5557 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7094 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1768 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2066 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3801 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5946 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5788 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1765 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1813 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1908 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 13669 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6413 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 0: 23147 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 7902 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3315 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5491 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7624 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6022 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
get 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 41421 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 2407 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 4716 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6249 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6258 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1599 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 16187 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6097 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 17024 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
get 4
Philosopher 1: 8557 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 28534 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4089 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 0
get 3
Philosopher 1: 5979 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 5749 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 1680 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1317 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 1
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8165 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 4: 11601 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
Philosopher 2: 16834 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 0
get 4
get 2
Philosopher 0: 7817 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 4: 6556 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7497 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 0
get 1
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2323 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3438 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10473 clocks since last eat
put 3
Philosopher 0: 1826 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 3
eat 2
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 6350 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 8424 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1391 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 7272 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 2018 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6278 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8028 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6590 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 2276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 15820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 0
get 3
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2390 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2040 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6707 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 9753 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 26701 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7494 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3385 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2628 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2454 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4123 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
Philosopher 4: 5098 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6841 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 4
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7203 clocks since last eat
put 2
Philosopher 4: 1736 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
think 2
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 10035 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3172 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 2416 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5396 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3242 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1997 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 5900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6111 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1895 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1636 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 36023 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2388 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
eat 1
get 2
get 0
Philosopher 4: 24873 clocks since last eat
put 4
Philosopher 1: 14427 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
think 4
eat 3
get 4
Philosopher 3: 7605 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 2
eat 0
get 3
Philosopher 2: 7168 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7925 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 3
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 3588 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 0
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1958 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
get 0
Philosopher 2: 7058 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10411 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1571 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 7890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1466 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8925 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1427 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5621 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2066 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 14566 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 16235 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 2
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 2: 7069 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 3019 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1505 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4227 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 31586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5973 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1633 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1699 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 1805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1948 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5885 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5547 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 1
get 4
Philosopher 1: 17820 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 18117 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 28497 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5327 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 4
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 4: 8562 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8340 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 3238 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8630 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2165 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1978 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 6091 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 4
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 4: 9749 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7436 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 3: 2185 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 8114 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5533 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 5265 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8403 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9409 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 29299 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 5068 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 9341 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6354 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 12928 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2350 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9726 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6391 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6354 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 15178 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1384 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1459 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9389 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 11200 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1640 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 1347 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 1488 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 12580 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5874 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 26651 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 29265 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 1839 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1783 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 5495 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 5693 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9779 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 4: 2452 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2126 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 11792 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 4
get 3
get 1
Philosopher 4: 2236 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6192 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9638 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 3
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 7269 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 2225 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
Philosopher 4: 2007 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 5714 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 4
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 37826 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 11008 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 0
get 4
Philosopher 0: 7396 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 4
get 0
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1790 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 23879 clocks since last eat
put 1
get 4
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2175 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 19876 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2460 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 6695 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 5634 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
eat 3
get 1
Philosopher 0: 1650 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7526 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 1
eat 4
get 3
Philosopher 1: 2521 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 11741 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
eat 3
get 1
get 4
Philosopher 3: 6221 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 1
get 3
Philosopher 1: 6038 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 20716 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 3058 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 6541 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 1: 6281 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1775 clocks since last eat
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 8283 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 1771 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
eat 1
get 2
Philosopher 3: 5813 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
Philosopher 1: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 0
get 1
Philosopher 0: 26115 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
eat 1
get 0
Philosopher 1: 2772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
eat 2
get 1
Philosopher 2: 8744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 4640 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
eat 2
get 3
Philosopher 2: 4161 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
eat 3
get 2
Philosopher 3: 40