Dining started
think 0
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
think 3
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11607 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
think 4
Philosopher 2: 12583 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3282 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15554 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4058 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 17079 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2588 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 22248 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6225 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8099 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7346 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2714 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2138 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12882 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 10492 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1893 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10735 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1732 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 13240 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 5912 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7231 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 14405 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8126 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13134 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2664 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3386 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 23621 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9495 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 11453 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3385 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3069 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9677 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 13772 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7292 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7170 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7524 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7136 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3382 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3197 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2322 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7770 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7166 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7571 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7870 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2281 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4361 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12109 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5487 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8116 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10723 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2355 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7256 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 2291 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9312 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7536 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8840 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8037 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9290 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3319 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13377 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8004 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7934 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7641 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3024 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3007 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6751 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9749 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10517 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 20410 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10805 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3147 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10107 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8051 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7912 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7947 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7571 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1580 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1855 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9379 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9185 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8171 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12032 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3784 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7101 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7100 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9454 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
Philosopher 3: 7033 clocks since last eat
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3334 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2742 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8664 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3256 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3121 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6561 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 11888 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11803 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14298 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7872 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3668 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2445 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9832 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 23838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9643 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8399 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6486 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14429 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6741 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 10101 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 11645 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3573 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6949 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10346 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8669 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3301 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8606 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 14590 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4606 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9369 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8270 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9155 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2543 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15359 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 13135 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8516 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6035 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3177 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 12320 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9563 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9035 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8945 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2282 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3549 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6389 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6560 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11367 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 11640 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7385 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13591 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9521 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2048 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1304 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 915 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1651 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13198 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9232 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6806 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 5756 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 23608 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1345 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6693 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14113 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 14716 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7851 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1955 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8915 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2227 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6376 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6765 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1388 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1110 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8725 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7309 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 22465 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5822 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1879 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1820 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13963 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8328 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 33637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9712 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3789 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2503 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5724 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5662 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2091 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7688 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2983 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4172 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7040 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9650 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8429 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3572 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 20422 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1640 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5290 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 16437 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 18242 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 16277 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 16767 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1537 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 957 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 41340 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14825 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 15664 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 18760 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 5262 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8741 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3450 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4347 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2399 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 27912 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4354 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15012 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7798 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13914 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13361 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9108 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8492 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2312 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 21572 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9730 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9355 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 11676 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9582 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3847 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 5618 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7016 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10127 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8545 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2948 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8353 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 11247 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3275 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9024 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7961 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6746 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9986 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3106 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5442 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7781 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2305 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15826 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10959 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10472 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5846 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9147 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8961 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7442 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3503 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 11847 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8486 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7473 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8866 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7751 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2423 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2153 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8883 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 4588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 10337 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6794 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 5981 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8706 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2444 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3278 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2976 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13049 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1219 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 29638 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 22266 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7261 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 22985 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 13567 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8049 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7326 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2092 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2149 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 13723 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 11127 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 23363 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14949 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8171 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 13774 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9345 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9257 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2849 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8613 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13784 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8225 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7538 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3105 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13005 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14536 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8431 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7592 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7799 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 15481 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8543 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7172 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 23132 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12032 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15465 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13493 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8570 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 14330 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7182 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10318 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1655 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2682 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 16187 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 16263 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9501 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6923 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3069 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2681 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2616 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8048 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 16216 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7822 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7997 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9281 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3240 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7047 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7056 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 5995 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7518 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1982 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9137 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4090 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8055 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8179 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9694 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8999 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4579 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7987 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15153 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9098 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8374 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8885 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3578 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7909 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6283 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8914 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9165 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9226 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2577 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1740 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9529 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10169 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7835 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1920 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11687 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8321 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 14112 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9040 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9493 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13688 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9193 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 11643 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3712 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 13746 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8011 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 16168 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10899 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4060 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6538 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15987 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9954 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10226 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3391 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 16037 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8041 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8257 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9111 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6974 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8865 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 15273 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11501 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4571 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6634 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14841 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10703 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7660 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9179 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9315 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9077 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8578 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2490 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9464 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 4941 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15263 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7383 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9480 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7947 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7674 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2608 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1589 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9195 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5975 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8605 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1992 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7639 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11015 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10406 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9333 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7365 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9099 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 10255 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7496 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5879 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7741 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10070 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8152 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8040 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7457 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1996 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2908 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7406 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 24516 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14720 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6472 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 12291 clocks since last eat
put 0
get 1
eat 1
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 13159 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7876 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11359 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5057 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6296 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3770 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 10489 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7454 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7021 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10025 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7887 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3647 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8738 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9134 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2453 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8608 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 12100 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8790 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6132 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8088 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7702 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2460 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4753 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7697 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10052 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7496 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7540 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9763 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 4551 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9111 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9230 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8458 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8477 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7902 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5849 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7993 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9547 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7945 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10625 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3341 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6080 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15862 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14770 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 16070 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 18424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6362 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2552 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9002 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 11505 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10355 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8253 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8303 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8835 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1762 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3706 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8899 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3371 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7305 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7966 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 17029 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1868 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12933 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 16151 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7604 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9707 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13057 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8938 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7902 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10331 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4176 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8218 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7957 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 17531 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9030 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3579 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 13578 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8197 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7083 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8629 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8252 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 4010 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7705 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5427 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 10004 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9625 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9041 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7359 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9732 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2352 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10122 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1554 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1136 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 13982 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7727 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6045 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5909 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2345 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2154 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2582 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2986 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 21942 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7486 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8047 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7729 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7478 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7723 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7165 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6954 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1548 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15175 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 18447 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 12141 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16106 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 29254 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 12200 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13345 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 25045 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6090 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10051 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9577 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12624 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6498 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2278 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11735 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 1062 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7642 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 17588 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12415 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7350 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 32755 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13204 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8326 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 12837 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7311 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6592 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10571 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 19805 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 17289 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 32120 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11789 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2391 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7482 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 18838 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 19083 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 16295 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15465 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11300 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 26917 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 14764 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 30748 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 29956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 30073 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 711 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 650 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 21155 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 51439 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 22105 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 22177 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3798 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 760 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4477 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 23046 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 22301 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 22224 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 39051 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 2
put 0
eat 2
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9085 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 68413 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13371 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15330 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 11042 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11391 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10405 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1673 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 24432 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1334 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 38318 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 19138 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 16881 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10850 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1351 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 36120 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 25381 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 23009 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 31281 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 31701 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6934 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7019 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7028 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6248 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 19955 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8668 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7693 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8531 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9233 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3431 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6114 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6324 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7993 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2497 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5664 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12713 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10802 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13112 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 20152 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8698 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1252 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6793 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 9443 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 4
think 4
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9584 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5230 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6929 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6879 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13848 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 15097 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10612 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15889 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14874 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 23208 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14630 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10225 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 34133 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6401 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1398 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1370 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1361 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 23201 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 24378 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6529 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 11989 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 12955 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7445 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3432 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9150 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 16004 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 11976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5506 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1583 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 17843 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12069 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4765 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 17625 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6788 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 11823 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8083 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2224 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 4365 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8215 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8564 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 37658 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1809 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10812 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8410 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10568 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6478 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 18563 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2912 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1864 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8533 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 19335 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12680 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2243 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14568 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9548 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 21966 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7898 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3457 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13174 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9622 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11015 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7889 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11042 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 14309 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12841 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 18122 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 18085 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10849 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11201 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6242 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5938 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 22948 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1149 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12981 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5758 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8485 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 21079 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15044 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 772 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 22005 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11215 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 26362 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 14983 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 53863 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6982 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7796 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7196 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2675 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2213 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1928 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 21246 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7419 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10569 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3213 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 13425 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 13462 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8360 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2339 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9489 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8519 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8421 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15935 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5856 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7014 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 2899 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8292 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14740 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 11805 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14439 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 13979 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 2
put 0
eat 2
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 1472 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13120 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7666 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9005 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10541 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 12197 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7782 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9156 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3146 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2715 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 12695 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2208 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10346 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9433 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13422 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13615 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8052 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7160 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6597 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2771 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1533 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3717 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7607 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8314 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6538 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2440 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10234 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8406 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3921 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4209 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7146 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6635 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 11192 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10991 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8957 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 4413 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8985 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8665 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2644 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14809 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 14775 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7443 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8725 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3399 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6845 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 22165 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9467 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6908 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2989 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4618 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6878 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 13587 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8945 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7113 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8569 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3992 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4387 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 4390 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2672 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8732 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7237 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 12903 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6557 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7991 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 15437 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2109 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3843 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8660 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 21534 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8512 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8180 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3524 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15289 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8097 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9525 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3067 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13633 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1953 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 10304 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3393 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7638 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7549 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7894 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8901 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3238 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2760 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7465 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 17326 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 12307 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 9609 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 13648 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6931 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6876 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8966 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7052 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4597 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4790 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8715 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9340 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10022 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2834 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9185 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9326 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8215 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7347 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6900 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9452 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9690 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3158 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7774 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
Philosopher 3: 9387 clocks since last eat
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10640 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1776 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7724 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7239 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11591 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7073 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6566 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7818 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4192 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 4611 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7176 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8318 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8327 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 4655 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3926 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9597 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 15323 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7514 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7317 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8204 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7133 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8116 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 13944 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6495 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7776 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2847 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 15125 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 18809 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8763 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6841 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2672 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1840 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3132 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9337 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5092 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 16736 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9171 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9220 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10644 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
get 0
eat 0
eat 2
put 1
Philosopher 2: 10696 clocks since last eat
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3056 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4878 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6345 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7500 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10838 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 12735 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 12229 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1818 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5694 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2427 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 18898 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9221 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8343 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10070 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4194 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7706 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 14666 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 15853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7352 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8106 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3817 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4808 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9306 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8796 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7454 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9925 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6719 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8248 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12043 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 19904 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9137 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8957 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 2108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6499 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5606 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9202 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8324 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7396 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3250 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3563 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2409 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7285 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6261 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8567 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2772 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 12515 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8429 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 15089 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2491 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8498 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8391 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 3838 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8026 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7896 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7435 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7430 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8743 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3649 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7693 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7365 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8999 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1795 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 12004 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8721 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3552 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8608 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1368 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8105 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8065 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8038 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8458 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2192 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6016 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8132 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10595 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10475 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8675 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6855 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6732 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5795 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6707 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1961 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1672 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3651 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10599 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9800 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3149 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8760 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9853 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9928 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 4093 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7516 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7506 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7680 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7773 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3296 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9094 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8804 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8848 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7903 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8170 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3074 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9215 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8348 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6870 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2244 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10476 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10545 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7647 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 14552 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6674 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7243 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9091 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4461 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8065 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7503 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10289 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6171 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15248 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6648 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14177 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10722 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7239 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7292 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10261 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 11662 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11628 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8547 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7790 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7592 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1239 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3165 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 18146 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11260 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3436 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 20565 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 15269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3562 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2708 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10042 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8320 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10574 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 23687 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3458 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13927 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7504 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7248 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 6603 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2279 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 1536 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1201 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 5373 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 20247 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13121 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10255 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5669 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 21088 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 17932 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8741 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8467 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6771 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6572 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8460 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3179 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3385 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 6182 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5450 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1363 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1386 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10134 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 24720 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 19319 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 15803 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 19679 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 20584 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 15607 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13405 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
Philosopher 2: 8746 clocks since last eat
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1006 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8450 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 14215 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12126 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 20481 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7541 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7864 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3762 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1538 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7555 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7927 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3073 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 11877 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 12402 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2001 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 18794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8422 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 14583 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10172 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7162 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8673 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2638 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5754 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2058 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9063 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 17123 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10799 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7847 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 15632 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7010 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2793 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 11222 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2418 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5433 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 9150 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 14969 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2397 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7507 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 1248 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2574 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 12796 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6142 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7853 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1270 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6942 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7529 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8262 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9417 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7461 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8670 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12386 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7325 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6593 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7902 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8362 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1980 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8841 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8002 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7767 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9870 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2244 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8146 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6759 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 14489 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6625 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6988 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2976 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2941 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7934 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6679 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7633 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8839 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6894 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3300 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2239 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6419 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9267 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9953 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7466 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 13317 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9039 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7866 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7348 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2998 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13650 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7650 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7576 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7829 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8040 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2701 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 5733 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8574 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6451 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6457 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 2641 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2474 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2768 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2579 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6975 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 555 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6703 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 14320 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6739 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 17351 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 18892 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6890 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 13294 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5208 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13227 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7460 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 669 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2192 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5170 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5080 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6694 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3287 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3393 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 22427 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6794 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 23851 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 12846 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12789 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 11562 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 792 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 833 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7098 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14663 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15634 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5824 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 18356 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 10475 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 15677 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7149 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 19709 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 19792 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4820 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8410 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6879 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 19257 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11859 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2667 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 20541 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 16739 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 910 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6917 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6013 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1864 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4886 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6937 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 27707 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 17784 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6821 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 990 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 18554 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14214 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6798 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 26571 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6243 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 23164 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 16402 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7732 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 1605 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8887 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 546 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10140 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7306 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 19236 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 19206 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8776 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 16302 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 23203 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1772 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12392 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8063 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8962 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 19594 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 12628 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7854 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1284 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14207 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6229 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13382 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2489 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7834 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2948 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 11299 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2862 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7514 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5736 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 2509 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7726 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6582 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 6769 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15678 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 11955 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7555 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 13980 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1700 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 11036 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 12638 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8300 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6453 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8053 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3342 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7881 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6742 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8276 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6160 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5405 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13285 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9465 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14611 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3534 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11039 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7671 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8250 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1696 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9369 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12247 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12955 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5969 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8078 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8626 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3326 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7209 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6927 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1015 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 24744 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 20143 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 20455 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 16154 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1141 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16320 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7612 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8000 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8361 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7205 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9197 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3236 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9418 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8434 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8772 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6946 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10377 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9659 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3322 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7503 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6971 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5168 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 11183 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11152 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5877 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14957 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6889 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7233 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8913 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8146 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8338 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3247 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 10133 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8100 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12089 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10686 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8967 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7154 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 5558 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5541 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8709 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2775 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7932 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7834 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8056 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7202 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1380 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9202 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3466 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 14727 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7104 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8264 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7400 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8121 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3250 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3083 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5569 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8331 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8155 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6803 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6555 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12874 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5825 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7910 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1688 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 3970 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9648 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7153 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7484 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7253 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7808 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2795 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 13339 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6948 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6716 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8796 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8677 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11222 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2860 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3291 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6240 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6402 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4792 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 5601 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8335 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7783 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6652 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10014 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2223 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8699 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15549 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7076 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8331 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3213 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12096 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7665 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14748 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7915 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 6788 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8711 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3411 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3007 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5803 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8728 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9128 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7371 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3062 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12339 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7115 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7737 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7203 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6978 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6743 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13647 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9828 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9765 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2947 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 4381 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7638 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7646 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9871 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8568 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8231 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8749 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8488 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 15541 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7801 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2542 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8318 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8858 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9085 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7517 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3740 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6443 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8729 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8535 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 15409 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2632 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9037 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7266 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6558 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7275 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8867 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6885 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6836 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8200 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5884 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2563 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9591 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9416 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4372 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8639 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8794 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7810 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2757 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7456 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9614 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8649 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12288 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13700 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 13203 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13015 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3292 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 12818 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7912 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10425 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2857 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6702 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12600 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 16097 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6875 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8106 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4594 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8788 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8117 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7822 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13891 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11767 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6926 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7617 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3461 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10687 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7783 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
think 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7564 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7357 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10382 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8662 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8592 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8717 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8826 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4156 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9575 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15344 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6530 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7853 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8557 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 4242 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7470 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 17504 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6519 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9407 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8966 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6825 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8687 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7449 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7178 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7569 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8087 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8064 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7650 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8938 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7402 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2887 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7366 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6268 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8140 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1737 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10634 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4095 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 15497 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7860 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8062 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8055 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7856 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2460 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3841 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8548 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7459 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6539 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1255 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7831 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2720 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10672 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9033 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7303 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1422 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8672 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8637 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8613 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4457 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6728 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6514 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1445 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6763 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9228 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 13038 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6019 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7599 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8909 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8415 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3380 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2871 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8749 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8628 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6536 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1594 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9896 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4972 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10330 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8090 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8252 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2756 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2759 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 10285 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1548 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 15355 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15934 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8216 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9164 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1591 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8622 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8162 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7135 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9088 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7419 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1883 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2578 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3198 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7280 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7376 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11832 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 17864 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 15116 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8099 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8382 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8031 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9603 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7481 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 14908 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 10160 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10138 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3742 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6487 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 15256 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1499 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9442 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1510 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8531 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8998 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2670 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1029 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7384 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6806 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8427 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6981 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8524 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3904 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7292 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7449 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9320 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8346 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 12900 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9199 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8891 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7963 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2902 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13488 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9085 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9503 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7303 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4005 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6306 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8113 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7638 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14538 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 11800 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6606 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8830 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2729 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 15203 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 15521 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8484 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8147 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2981 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7276 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 15848 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8794 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7991 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2911 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1731 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 5668 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9993 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5676 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15133 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3306 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 6668 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9572 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16557 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10972 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3165 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16289 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8067 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2362 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10445 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8894 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14979 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6869 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7228 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7045 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7518 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13659 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8198 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9972 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2484 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8389 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 3537 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3087 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3148 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7597 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7738 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7941 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 13763 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 13185 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 12861 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1677 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 25152 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12241 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 21437 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8129 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3321 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 13323 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8637 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8779 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13449 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6689 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 15163 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9634 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 16067 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7351 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9412 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7775 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8639 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7744 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1250 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 12640 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10597 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5385 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 12931 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15685 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2952 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2707 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8906 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7257 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1823 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8659 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8755 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8210 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6884 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 14154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13672 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 19647 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14565 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7772 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7998 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 10406 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1184 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8524 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9084 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 995 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6512 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6981 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14983 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1406 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9298 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9971 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8612 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15070 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6993 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 18494 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1322 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15614 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9879 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9981 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 13227 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6316 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6848 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 15911 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3120 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 11846 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2312 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9114 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8985 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7602 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1244 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8204 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2551 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 5781 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 13227 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9207 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1279 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7060 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7273 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7976 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8321 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7544 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2182 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2677 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 14137 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6217 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7993 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7194 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3405 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10263 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2140 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3594 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7224 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10757 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7467 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8163 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9846 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 2303 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9155 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6467 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10183 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6835 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9693 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7537 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7685 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7861 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8112 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2090 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4927 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11260 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9381 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11748 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 19407 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6634 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 15956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9620 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1933 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13118 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7394 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 15927 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9929 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6769 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 4926 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 12776 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7201 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6814 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3907 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1452 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11467 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14506 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1635 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 15363 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 19987 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9156 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7265 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1565 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 11601 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6147 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 17647 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 13217 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 11282 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2555 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8091 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13385 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9392 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10042 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8357 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 1900 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 4261 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6074 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6837 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10018 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9251 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8457 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2879 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 21476 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9126 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8362 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8575 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6792 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14044 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14514 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10604 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8404 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 4080 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6197 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8225 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10421 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9059 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10104 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10584 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 12868 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11472 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11772 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6009 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6829 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10668 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 13974 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 25470 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7293 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8014 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6953 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8227 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2779 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8811 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9040 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 4672 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9863 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7494 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7799 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7947 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8020 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8011 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7109 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 11271 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 13822 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 12535 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2952 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13407 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7143 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 19558 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8514 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8923 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7962 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7878 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8029 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2115 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7566 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1662 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8757 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2188 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2309 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10223 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7019 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9205 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7985 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11771 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8614 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2906 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9086 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8554 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9257 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2656 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6326 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7209 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6224 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7448 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 4003 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2621 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15361 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6651 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 10695 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1325 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9975 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1862 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9070 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7949 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 16969 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 13180 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6830 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 16202 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7947 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7873 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 15617 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8296 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8681 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3432 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6350 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 10008 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10231 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7402 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8696 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6825 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8882 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8085 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 12183 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7124 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7731 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7987 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3896 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3958 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 20402 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8029 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1877 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7740 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7732 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2881 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7453 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16792 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8400 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8892 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7375 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15209 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8566 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8685 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7914 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6667 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10974 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7350 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7934 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 14496 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 20672 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 11371 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6959 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7864 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7117 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3225 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6622 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 12700 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8058 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 16375 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14288 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 20134 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7680 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 13145 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1638 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14011 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8197 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9925 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2463 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 23925 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5862 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8578 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8544 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6793 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7100 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6532 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14865 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7103 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8189 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8886 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8216 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8839 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3065 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7552 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8032 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6984 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1701 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3147 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2356 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 18877 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7169 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16249 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7108 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1346 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14490 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14575 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9376 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7840 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 15316 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7844 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1240 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6305 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8094 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8354 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1871 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8264 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8289 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8055 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 12468 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16058 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8754 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8197 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8435 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2937 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9456 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7618 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 6745 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8528 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8748 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7465 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 6999 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6302 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6531 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2252 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1324 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2147 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7891 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6113 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9827 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7596 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 18882 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3162 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6545 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6262 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7981 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3448 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7460 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7712 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15011 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7968 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14057 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7824 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14755 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2785 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5441 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9385 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 15477 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 15271 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8768 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9064 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9177 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8594 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 1167 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8866 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7611 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 11406 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 21750 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6080 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 12901 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12896 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2027 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2481 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8437 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7221 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7619 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9075 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 20966 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 16071 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15202 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2817 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7342 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5256 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8064 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 30612 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3567 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8292 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 23137 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10466 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8976 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11785 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5586 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7746 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1982 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8440 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6945 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6323 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 13567 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7934 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 2615 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8974 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2955 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6303 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7862 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6881 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2149 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1136 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10873 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3362 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7691 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 13945 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7881 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3065 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9046 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 12560 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7796 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6540 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1981 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7395 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8869 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3992 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4287 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2033 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8077 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 10009 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8323 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14230 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6187 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12605 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 21010 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13036 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1733 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9050 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15403 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9967 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1780 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9274 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3348 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7218 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 17935 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8580 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7232 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 12515 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6361 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8040 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8711 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6169 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13677 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7941 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 11988 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7591 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8651 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6769 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1597 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4679 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 16724 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8076 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7969 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1397 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7541 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 16384 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13012 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7406 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9619 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8792 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7501 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 14715 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9195 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 2393 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8459 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2373 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5677 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9516 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1562 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9227 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8165 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2615 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6869 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 14156 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7901 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2607 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7327 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2631 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9468 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2003 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7808 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6240 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1337 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7286 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 11789 clocks since last eat
put 0
put 4
think 4
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6785 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 15134 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 1743 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8434 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1958 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14707 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7945 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6951 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 10704 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2207 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5205 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 13726 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7428 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8986 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7057 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6248 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8994 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8516 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14493 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14027 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7839 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2228 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8783 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10802 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9570 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8702 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2309 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 21711 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5354 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6973 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10850 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7433 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8678 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6920 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14274 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7408 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3363 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6571 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 10241 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9401 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6246 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 14803 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15329 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8607 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3773 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13263 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6237 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8673 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6955 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2200 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 4965 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1711 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8459 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 16913 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12312 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 16443 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9267 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 12462 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8570 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8560 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 15106 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7718 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7383 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7724 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7348 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8177 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2781 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8699 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 5234 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7119 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7089 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5814 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6943 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7348 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3372 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7958 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10952 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6759 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 13013 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7219 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 15402 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6153 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8386 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9472 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14770 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 14657 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7797 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1124 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8399 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2351 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 4046 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9236 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6143 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11693 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5350 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 14051 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14123 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13277 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2585 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7880 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 5553 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1382 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11764 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13509 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13593 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7082 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3268 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10336 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8851 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6153 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1139 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9668 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2610 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13376 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7908 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7446 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 20411 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6819 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6973 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8468 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14842 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2805 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3112 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 989 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6704 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8828 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9269 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8890 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7583 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2338 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2864 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5935 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7482 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9588 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7333 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7722 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3162 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7710 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6140 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2355 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11847 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8362 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6199 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1162 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 16619 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 17118 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 11746 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6536 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7042 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1989 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2055 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3841 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8522 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8535 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7056 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6973 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6766 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7900 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9667 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2556 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4923 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5390 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8276 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7603 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9147 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9202 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7628 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8661 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10641 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7061 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 16136 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8263 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6450 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13753 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14523 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7072 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12261 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6451 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6346 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14484 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 18683 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1359 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 13118 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 13202 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 13914 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3401 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3893 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5912 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8851 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7314 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9241 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8106 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6779 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 16736 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9172 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 11200 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 11605 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 18407 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 12370 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3627 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7836 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4652 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6884 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 19387 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2622 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 10934 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6475 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8473 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8391 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6892 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2688 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3110 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 6398 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8410 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 19146 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9936 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12193 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6940 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6848 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9457 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1508 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7518 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3780 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9160 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7350 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8015 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2470 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9163 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3675 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10504 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9441 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7973 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8582 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8643 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9014 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7480 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8033 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6519 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7878 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8165 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2613 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2574 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3997 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6900 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8193 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 971 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7600 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7576 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10363 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7713 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7413 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6988 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9677 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 701 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3733 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5060 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7599 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8116 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15939 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5881 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8069 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7694 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13167 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8254 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3031 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3234 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7194 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8438 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8240 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2186 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7109 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8686 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 1597 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3443 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3028 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6962 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2299 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7364 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7565 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2179 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14502 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7204 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8087 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7743 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7711 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4042 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7661 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8725 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8214 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10250 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1169 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3359 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13532 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6660 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6107 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9544 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3479 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 13867 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7934 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7817 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7125 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9788 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2443 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3965 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 4529 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5836 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7390 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7332 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7109 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 2396 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 795 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 5052 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 6786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7071 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 16724 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 5977 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2039 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4255 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7702 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9814 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9959 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1234 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 11389 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 5417 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7222 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6739 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1746 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 15353 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4734 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5282 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6952 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8034 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6589 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10939 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2926 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 2341 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6621 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7697 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8139 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 11054 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2723 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 13051 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6678 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8376 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7239 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2379 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1300 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12487 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8638 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 9224 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3942 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8085 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 14298 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1435 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14331 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 21173 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7986 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7135 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 14717 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3481 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7455 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6789 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10393 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8448 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8191 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8009 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6983 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10768 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8680 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2149 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 17584 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9584 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7820 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 15696 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7693 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 14354 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8113 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7552 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8128 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8058 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8858 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 21406 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9507 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9500 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9141 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8109 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3566 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6077 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9525 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9173 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9206 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10877 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3463 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7687 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8055 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6813 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9088 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8759 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6829 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1567 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7716 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7725 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 15004 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14701 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9980 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13021 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8209 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8330 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 21610 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7743 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13084 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3016 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 13742 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 15377 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9411 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4017 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12189 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 17746 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9676 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2015 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12546 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12519 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4520 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7182 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8676 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 21816 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9177 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2173 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15611 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 13809 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 10952 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2503 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4854 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5679 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14853 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 21023 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2919 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 24915 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 3
think 1
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3574 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2634 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6011 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6780 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 10491 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11135 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4369 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14274 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7919 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7622 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 15395 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7233 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 17796 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 11890 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15289 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3138 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8269 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14360 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9596 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8134 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8801 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3944 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7605 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7197 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6330 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15960 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 11786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1854 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 14139 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 14595 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6910 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 14721 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 17387 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7587 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7083 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7185 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2336 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
get 4
think 0
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1828 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3729 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10901 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9038 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8118 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4731 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 22386 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7468 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7454 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2243 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 15310 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1403 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4170 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3080 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6796 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9401 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7652 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2394 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12104 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6321 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12865 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7310 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7497 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3942 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2627 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9434 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9483 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6980 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7017 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9433 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1484 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8945 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8432 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9334 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8074 clocks since last eat
put 3
put 4
think 4
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7378 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1381 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1288 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3529 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7772 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9375 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7696 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7687 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8480 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4275 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3019 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8102 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7470 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6887 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 16546 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6097 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14707 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2586 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3006 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10944 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 14714 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1338 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8784 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7238 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9477 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8734 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7624 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7851 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7588 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 4761 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 11020 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 13546 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2191 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9079 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9567 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9144 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7464 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8825 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7489 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8519 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3708 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8110 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7108 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6451 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9661 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1721 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9636 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3362 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8852 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1695 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7283 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9971 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8862 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7453 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8081 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 15337 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7241 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2261 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7648 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13729 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6672 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8254 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9000 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2049 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3560 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8726 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6594 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7495 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9660 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9924 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9193 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6561 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 12225 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 14288 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8167 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3724 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 19464 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7203 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8917 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8647 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7450 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7373 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 1545 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 14751 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8312 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4350 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10781 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7393 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7189 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8738 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8550 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7860 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6954 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7783 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3194 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3992 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1609 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 14398 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 15712 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7187 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2492 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8640 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 15965 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8127 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6729 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8889 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3544 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2109 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 15097 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7908 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7135 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 11156 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8961 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6857 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9877 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8878 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3013 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9947 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9615 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6801 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7587 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9527 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2577 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8468 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8500 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7489 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8068 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6458 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8007 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3331 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8297 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7933 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7808 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7352 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8158 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1646 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3381 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7653 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13659 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7465 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
get 1
think 2
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1777 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8193 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4200 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4144 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13606 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6217 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6755 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2782 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8164 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 12987 clocks since last eat
put 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8709 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9545 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7670 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7555 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3156 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3456 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2104 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8461 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8501 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8577 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8437 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 12709 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8350 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8435 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1420 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9154 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9155 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3068 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9405 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7926 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 6581 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9120 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1606 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8777 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2401 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4739 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 1885 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7128 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5921 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8711 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6835 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2628 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7187 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 12598 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7010 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6946 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8393 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4232 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7803 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6897 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7475 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10299 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7289 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8313 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7299 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8614 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8511 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4234 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6606 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6631 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 10264 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9765 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8505 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8122 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8686 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1809 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8433 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9016 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3613 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2900 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6585 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14576 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9239 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6772 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1708 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2556 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9271 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9705 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9458 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1592 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3759 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13320 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8670 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 15049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7929 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13120 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9069 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7752 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7794 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2751 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2953 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 16903 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 6991 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11085 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8879 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2519 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8687 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3116 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7137 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6217 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8194 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9531 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3562 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12153 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7621 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9131 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2955 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8143 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8729 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3075 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2407 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8894 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7698 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7018 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
get 4
think 3
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1379 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8407 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10820 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 4612 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8577 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7186 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7742 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7494 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8553 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3857 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3679 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10476 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7550 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6756 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9958 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13115 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8609 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7635 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7909 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9305 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3565 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3130 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3931 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7224 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6562 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9851 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10251 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3555 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13732 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 6844 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7251 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1781 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10518 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 12694 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8722 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9759 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2494 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9291 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14226 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6008 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10551 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7853 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14130 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8590 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14540 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 14266 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7899 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15380 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2581 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10672 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6690 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6838 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1660 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8676 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11179 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6801 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6725 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14503 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8366 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2065 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3879 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9801 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8765 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1298 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7113 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7840 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7683 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6790 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 13918 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6711 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9375 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9282 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3904 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7676 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8986 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7386 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7430 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9300 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3905 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5851 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8142 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8129 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7104 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7032 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3047 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7981 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6599 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8695 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8440 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8189 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3028 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3518 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2178 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6455 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6271 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9241 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7919 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10406 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2491 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2528 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7074 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7603 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7361 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7274 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 11597 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6242 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7943 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9278 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2420 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11618 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8210 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3893 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6851 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8617 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7582 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7905 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3065 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8423 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7312 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6839 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7241 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7072 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7369 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1715 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8077 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 5650 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8511 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9980 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7785 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3420 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1325 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4437 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3414 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7650 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10361 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8001 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8398 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 12806 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3348 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 5166 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4316 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
Philosopher 4: 3075 clocks since last eat
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 4123 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11946 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6874 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10309 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10466 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3097 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6759 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 12838 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2120 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7156 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8888 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8068 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 4160 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 1847 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8822 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8649 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10795 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8043 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10979 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2499 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6120 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8091 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2304 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8446 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8831 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4004 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9300 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7071 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1684 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8130 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8548 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8566 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 5657 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 5908 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 5238 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13369 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 1905 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2032 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7856 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2043 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2518 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7897 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6487 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9356 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6665 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 2220 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4565 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13957 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9267 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6974 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3011 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11096 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8633 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5862 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7244 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7256 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9429 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3080 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3960 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9337 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7323 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8950 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7647 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7027 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3049 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8008 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2495 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7418 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9587 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7845 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7890 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14717 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9333 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7486 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9657 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3944 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3194 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3451 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 5712 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6181 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8218 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7913 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3637 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 25132 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8146 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9684 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7778 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3600 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9882 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7426 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9955 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7914 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7913 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8070 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 4438 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7269 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6801 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6786 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9316 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2060 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 971 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15750 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7390 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7707 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6565 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10831 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2833 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8968 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7883 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8672 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8093 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3464 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7160 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6520 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14952 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7865 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3348 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 12797 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6333 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9398 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9105 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7298 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8151 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
put 0
think 0
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8179 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7506 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9649 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2637 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 12094 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7315 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10900 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7605 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9426 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7699 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2902 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6533 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8887 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8354 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9442 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6684 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3157 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3288 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3700 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8001 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7061 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8683 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2675 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8684 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9783 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5099 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7101 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7275 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6658 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7857 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7084 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3287 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3364 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7339 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5684 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8800 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8732 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7576 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3228 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2265 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5554 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7809 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9800 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7778 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3168 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2698 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8260 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8355 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8665 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6965 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6615 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2326 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2870 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 12600 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7460 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7124 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1306 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7561 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3640 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3130 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 14022 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8536 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8658 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3200 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8941 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12706 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6909 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7723 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2870 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8810 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8830 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8369 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8638 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6725 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13417 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 15691 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14931 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13729 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7460 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7422 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1450 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8306 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2560 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3987 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8516 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6736 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8844 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9087 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1892 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9479 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 6538 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 16889 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 10127 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7233 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13455 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7812 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8322 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1239 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7892 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2014 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 4762 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5674 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6972 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6734 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7868 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1585 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3942 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4011 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8113 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14802 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8371 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9141 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13237 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9023 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7196 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9286 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2167 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6197 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9969 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9121 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 15610 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8957 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6383 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2195 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8132 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8811 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8327 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7147 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8102 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7797 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7313 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7961 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3845 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4529 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3628 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7463 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6561 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6499 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10688 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2817 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8250 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7319 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7775 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5979 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7139 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7946 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2662 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3223 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1486 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3986 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8179 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7602 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6300 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1536 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7292 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7214 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3523 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2147 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2486 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8553 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6943 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7403 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6441 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7488 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3396 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6720 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8707 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10476 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9054 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3549 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2088 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8294 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13947 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6822 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2373 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9131 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 17134 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8101 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9629 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2590 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8331 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 18024 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8833 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8545 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10844 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9611 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 4342 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5394 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7293 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7559 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3236 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8841 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 12917 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 15909 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7508 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8657 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3816 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 4136 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2329 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9380 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6658 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8370 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7883 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1987 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12622 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7572 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1926 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9817 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8941 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8195 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2938 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2528 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6424 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6465 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9375 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9032 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9342 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2305 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2359 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8263 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7982 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9231 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7016 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8625 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2787 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 1923 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3048 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6543 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6568 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6481 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8163 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7765 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2894 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7743 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5549 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7591 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8218 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8034 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2510 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3525 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8355 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8059 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7018 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8004 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9272 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1622 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4281 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7727 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9513 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7236 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9267 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7826 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6933 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8622 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6920 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1848 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10398 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8107 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7191 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8359 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8301 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8371 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4332 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1923 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6548 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2429 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8072 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10493 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8341 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5977 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7423 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8870 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9161 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9106 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3744 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7389 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 1167 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8968 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6768 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12448 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 15542 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 15679 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7730 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6071 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8154 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 15094 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7516 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2035 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3629 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3581 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7114 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8089 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2893 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8834 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9085 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1862 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15155 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7035 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10184 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9455 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 11342 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7417 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 6259 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7835 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9507 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7595 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 10337 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7733 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9612 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7715 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9491 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 18745 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8607 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2784 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8715 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2638 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7972 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7527 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7547 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7753 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7310 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2046 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3602 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2925 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2340 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 5869 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7236 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7932 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8355 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7994 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6745 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7068 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1426 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7795 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6649 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7273 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3017 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2881 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6480 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6890 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8550 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10241 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7914 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3303 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8863 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6579 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 5847 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9445 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2846 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9523 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7653 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7167 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 5745 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6905 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2562 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9232 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6466 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 6959 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9532 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2518 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12502 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 14972 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7219 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7354 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3701 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2985 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3015 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10509 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10646 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7465 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2565 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9847 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 13057 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8082 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14778 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6583 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8727 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8403 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6878 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1510 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1183 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7324 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9511 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10955 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3118 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3557 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8162 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6513 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9963 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 2858 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10540 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 14150 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8228 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1981 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9574 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8659 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9114 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7650 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8202 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8755 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8808 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8951 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7983 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7938 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8452 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7719 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3577 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 14158 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6496 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7559 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9993 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2673 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7288 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6387 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 17810 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3081 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 17191 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 20092 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8846 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8245 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13266 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2721 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 4187 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 5599 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7669 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 11790 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7116 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3130 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6973 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7805 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9739 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 27295 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6961 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8560 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 1505 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 18767 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3830 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4371 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 17121 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7752 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7170 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8227 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9173 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2093 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8496 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5643 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10285 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2632 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9679 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9749 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6463 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9765 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10344 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2998 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 14296 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14962 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8519 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2999 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8492 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 14195 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8053 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6925 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 10445 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8878 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2170 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3924 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7710 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6515 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7737 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7917 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11705 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 5878 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7169 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2245 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7367 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7260 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10235 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8623 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5212 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6828 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7102 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8391 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2259 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8310 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8312 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8605 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8034 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10521 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6272 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9537 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9567 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9578 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8490 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 13906 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8007 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8547 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1822 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 1569 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 11707 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7655 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7756 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11025 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8180 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8512 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2590 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9275 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9017 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8127 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2133 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8074 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3692 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7838 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7612 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9187 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 18330 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13714 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8038 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8133 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11432 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3927 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13348 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7534 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7567 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7431 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7685 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2444 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8498 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8927 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2718 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8637 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10389 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6416 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 868 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6728 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 11729 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 21043 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 27934 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 13162 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14582 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8021 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 4694 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4138 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8321 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7668 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1898 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7881 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9561 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2889 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 4173 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 15124 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7714 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9663 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7656 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8400 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9677 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8158 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7681 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10831 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10762 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3676 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7029 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8049 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3028 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8410 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14537 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13575 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8766 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8320 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9193 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 5078 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8880 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6541 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7847 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7288 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10878 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8207 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8015 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7019 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8733 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2373 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3937 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9173 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7567 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7124 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8935 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7521 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7131 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 4147 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3142 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2418 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1406 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7827 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6553 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 10767 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12315 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 12385 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7439 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9104 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6678 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7956 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6996 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 13488 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9148 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3360 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 1912 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7713 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7991 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9400 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7391 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7841 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3346 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3912 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8893 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8926 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8932 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 9287 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7426 clocks since last eat
put 3
put 2
think 2
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7807 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6963 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2119 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6853 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 16378 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2565 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2744 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7078 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8762 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8971 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8578 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9369 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2818 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7738 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5807 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7637 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6640 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6515 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2721 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 3605 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2547 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7072 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6962 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7309 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7173 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8407 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3856 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7715 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7769 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8610 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7977 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3256 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 12396 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6887 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9195 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2198 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3548 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9013 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6287 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14682 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6218 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6557 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8258 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8675 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7974 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8247 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9142 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2137 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 12848 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7428 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8406 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9224 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6229 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6622 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2200 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 1779 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3101 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1963 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7711 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8760 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9624 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9375 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3765 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3475 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13196 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7163 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6891 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7177 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7191 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3303 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8036 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7670 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6608 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7892 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8767 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 4071 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10852 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10547 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14714 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7761 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 14877 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2466 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8090 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3743 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10318 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6552 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8236 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7481 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2618 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8696 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 3425 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15344 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6436 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8312 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8629 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7769 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8442 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9066 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8804 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11471 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1803 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2946 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6444 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 15347 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8627 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 1823 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1628 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8705 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 13044 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8990 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7619 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7585 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7876 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3494 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7381 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8321 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3229 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8769 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 2982 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11932 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 16051 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8127 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7137 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9524 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8681 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7669 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7268 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8808 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8199 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1893 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7864 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10064 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6903 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8093 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 16504 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7896 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10304 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7073 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8552 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9931 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8920 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8837 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8416 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14357 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15780 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9185 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7554 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10392 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3691 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6853 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6972 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9897 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6600 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3252 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2762 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9404 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8586 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 15614 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8446 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2941 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13962 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8389 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8402 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8164 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7470 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2898 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6598 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7845 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9647 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9892 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 14266 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8255 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8283 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2447 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8727 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9165 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8245 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6181 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7760 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6910 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9292 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3069 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6697 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6431 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8096 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9438 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6673 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 2007 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2135 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4186 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9406 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9630 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7651 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7800 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 13605 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9017 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8036 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7938 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 10361 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6906 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7693 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9670 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7677 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7308 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7390 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7281 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13760 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7449 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3411 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7386 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9311 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8743 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8786 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1977 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9274 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9644 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8685 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14004 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11687 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1822 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7743 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14182 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9337 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 4071 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3035 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10866 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8499 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10261 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 1945 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10487 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 17490 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5828 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9455 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8086 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 11456 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7297 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7532 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1617 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2271 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9319 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9312 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 9648 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6425 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8791 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8870 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4532 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8247 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8237 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10112 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8914 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8434 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6726 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5277 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9066 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 9401 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2813 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3454 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3068 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 15199 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7120 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8928 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8102 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8075 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15360 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8399 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8080 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7871 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2372 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9103 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9422 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7340 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8781 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8532 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3355 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8653 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7091 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7246 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11229 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 12334 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7783 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9550 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13490 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10714 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8595 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10204 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 19044 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8462 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6570 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8429 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2199 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7093 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2576 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 11154 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 1816 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14392 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8191 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10313 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8604 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3490 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9648 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7224 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 16510 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12773 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13496 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7288 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1529 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3175 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10725 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 11421 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8580 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7086 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
get 4
think 0
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1633 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2508 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8300 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9248 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8756 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7682 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7772 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7075 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7935 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7477 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 14316 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8540 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7935 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8276 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3244 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6710 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6678 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8063 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9581 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7821 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3932 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7903 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8175 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8620 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7911 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3861 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8052 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7780 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7334 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7908 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7703 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8221 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3974 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8237 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7429 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7364 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7409 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14012 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8626 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10272 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2111 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2323 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 12516 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 16076 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5510 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7017 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10880 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7944 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7914 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8258 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 9054 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7945 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3222 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10182 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6458 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9526 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8480 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7898 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9178 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 4234 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8363 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9199 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7241 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 9115 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14024 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7941 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8319 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7667 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1462 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3519 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 14882 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7574 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6133 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7654 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8076 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3426 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3645 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2211 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7588 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8271 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1408 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7908 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7653 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2939 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6970 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8916 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 16830 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 14834 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14509 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 1732 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7547 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 9626 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4460 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14410 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7419 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2462 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9949 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 12814 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7361 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6923 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10832 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9587 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 10643 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 12166 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11530 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2375 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 14652 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7026 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 15064 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7382 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2390 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3309 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2071 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7278 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8277 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14724 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6999 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3034 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
get 1
think 4
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9239 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2398 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7415 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6191 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9957 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9835 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2116 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6769 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3360 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2152 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3568 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7701 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5925 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7293 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11227 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 13180 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8824 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8804 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 12108 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 11820 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8125 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4553 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 14345 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8679 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 15448 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8110 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 5757 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9561 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9962 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8273 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9346 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8334 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7852 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7527 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9689 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3577 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15982 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8597 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8085 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2891 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10280 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 12890 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8147 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8313 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8404 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 4476 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3182 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14426 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7924 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7182 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3612 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11052 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13787 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8798 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8197 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1958 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8166 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 13629 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7552 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9891 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7015 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7465 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2932 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1126 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4361 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7436 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8135 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7440 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7537 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2598 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7408 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14070 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7014 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6499 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 12817 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3651 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3492 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9905 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9646 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2532 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1886 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9506 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9984 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 14440 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7570 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7867 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7462 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10099 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7751 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8153 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6030 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8081 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2479 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9236 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8016 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10609 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7626 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 14897 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 15385 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9335 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8889 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9243 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9007 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8353 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8408 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6930 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10064 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3279 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6834 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8050 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8308 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7897 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3163 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3391 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 9854 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9971 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7287 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7285 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7252 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2830 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 2215 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2769 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 15926 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7980 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8999 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3111 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 13851 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14845 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10871 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 11574 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 11005 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 11177 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 11733 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8623 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8434 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5397 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7210 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 15875 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9168 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9609 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1107 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2740 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6091 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7751 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9549 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 5944 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12890 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1423 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9535 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 15049 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3145 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9268 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7540 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 17209 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8742 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7984 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6275 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7852 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6199 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9163 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2809 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3938 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2081 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14469 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9593 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9698 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4728 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7173 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14921 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 15298 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 10115 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7631 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1585 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8350 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7584 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8273 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7024 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1235 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8032 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 4087 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4034 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8290 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 6462 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7218 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8435 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4139 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3484 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14363 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9405 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9051 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9923 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8674 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7768 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 16938 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 12333 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6720 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 12848 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7553 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7505 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8935 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 15043 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7002 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9726 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3464 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 12259 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9013 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6918 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7246 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10154 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9149 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6091 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8959 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8831 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8522 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13964 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9791 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9585 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9261 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9289 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
get 1
put 4
think 4
think 3
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7983 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7107 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8391 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7174 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8825 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2438 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7663 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6921 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7980 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6124 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8222 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 4026 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6956 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9074 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8751 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6957 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 10873 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3765 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8095 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8547 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8806 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7899 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9860 clocks since last eat
get 2
put 0
think 0
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4129 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3919 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7930 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6936 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6891 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2621 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8816 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8772 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 4507 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9248 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7865 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7310 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8213 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
get 3
think 4
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3697 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3222 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10886 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8684 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 9446 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8618 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6677 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14015 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14216 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7663 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3042 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6011 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13381 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7874 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7876 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7363 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2630 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7984 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7841 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6952 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9324 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7452 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10315 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 15785 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10780 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3298 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14275 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7616 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9251 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8956 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13631 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10031 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7613 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9494 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9230 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3939 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 7937 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7949 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8085 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9490 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8447 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8099 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8392 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 13514 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13646 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9302 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 15911 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9038 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3334 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7092 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7126 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9084 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9075 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8108 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7461 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7160 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 12886 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 12190 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 12397 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2405 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8085 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 12674 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7601 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14598 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2703 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2409 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1956 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8288 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 14652 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6898 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6897 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 2771 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1898 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2408 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6209 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6547 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8683 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 16633 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7538 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 4071 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7707 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6612 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8504 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 10366 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2455 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7845 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8055 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 14277 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1842 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2808 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7518 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10997 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6536 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7625 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7138 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1812 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11050 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8533 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 14336 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7037 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8148 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 11417 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 5355 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9710 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9949 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8686 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10377 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8047 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1715 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6482 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7412 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6197 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1563 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7617 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7861 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3826 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 4744 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5879 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8180 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8080 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8118 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7845 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7382 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7701 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9760 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9513 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8376 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7464 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8767 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8804 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7421 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 9110 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3672 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4171 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7220 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8087 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9117 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8039 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8975 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3650 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7860 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8357 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7128 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6870 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2895 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7512 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 2436 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3289 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6918 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8094 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7213 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7710 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 10280 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7777 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7131 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8679 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7555 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7857 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 9495 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9303 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8010 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9992 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8131 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 3353 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3003 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2605 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9456 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8750 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 12356 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13110 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 15394 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 10400 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 5115 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 15100 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6922 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8957 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8217 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2233 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8601 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5467 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 14990 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10247 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2617 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1016 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1460 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7971 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 15878 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6510 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7322 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6904 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2722 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 16856 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8531 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8709 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 14140 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7561 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2044 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7945 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8555 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6910 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6811 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 15976 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8088 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2519 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10389 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1363 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 10252 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10905 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7004 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7757 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9735 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2196 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9138 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7179 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8787 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5511 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7465 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12427 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 21513 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11050 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 14664 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7975 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2543 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3290 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6580 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6975 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8558 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6943 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2545 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9099 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7065 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8977 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7643 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7722 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9917 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7294 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7064 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6731 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 11564 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2799 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8896 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8524 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 15059 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7896 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3245 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2649 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8701 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 15686 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1171 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8421 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8848 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14333 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7727 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7533 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 10022 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 11264 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6169 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7576 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7692 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7651 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2651 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11804 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8695 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9489 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8706 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 13784 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 13740 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7710 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 10865 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 10270 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 3457 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8598 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7973 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9086 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3064 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9265 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6984 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 14280 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7837 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6864 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10489 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 4173 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2889 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7364 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6282 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6628 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1910 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6394 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11254 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3530 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6976 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7669 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9081 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8886 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8217 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7922 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6986 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8931 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8887 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7286 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 5898 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6696 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8037 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8217 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 2001 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7793 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 3651 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3196 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8715 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8223 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8250 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8336 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3533 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8980 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7515 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7458 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6436 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8044 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8100 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
Philosopher 1: 2996 clocks since last eat
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 3583 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 5946 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5707 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8016 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9775 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9423 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 4334 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7632 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9026 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10283 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 9253 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8727 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 6638 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9248 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6877 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1931 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11205 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 14960 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2211 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 10428 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8922 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8933 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13227 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7280 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8952 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8102 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8074 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8466 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8165 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6562 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7865 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2789 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9768 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6363 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7948 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 6839 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 10479 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8977 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3968 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8174 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7378 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7218 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 11463 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 607 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 11708 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6567 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8178 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2871 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 13842 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 21281 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 21139 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1336 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 24847 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 28288 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5946 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 23034 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8402 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 13458 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8864 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9522 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8219 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10805 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 9805 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8104 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9239 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 11899 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 4839 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8620 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6274 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8720 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8599 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 17856 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2940 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7271 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6388 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8436 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9012 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8976 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2356 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7489 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6406 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 6531 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6524 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3800 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9554 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9214 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8293 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8270 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2611 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2334 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9170 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1511 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10113 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7977 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 9574 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7567 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 18517 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1533 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8362 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 8741 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9181 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7332 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 3413 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8654 clocks since last eat
put 1
put 4
think 1
get 0
eat 0
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2379 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7391 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7460 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7179 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7250 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7996 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7666 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9061 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 10610 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7996 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3254 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 10829 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6390 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7988 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8633 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8881 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 23849 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 23850 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 11197 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 20234 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 18602 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 3713 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3001 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8774 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8708 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 11742 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8313 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2270 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4097 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8757 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2129 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7541 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7798 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6660 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5893 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7834 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7739 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7865 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7486 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8369 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8180 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2642 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2313 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 5332 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6296 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7929 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 16901 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 14170 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8745 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 9958 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 15342 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7623 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7156 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7081 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2234 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 11244 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6842 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 13795 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6185 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7424 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9403 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2628 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 4192 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8073 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8066 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9922 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8735 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 6610 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8366 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8947 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 1686 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8041 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 17007 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3508 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2489 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9842 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6408 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9469 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3335 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3277 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 2408 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 14123 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15588 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7926 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8352 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2955 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8372 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7808 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6048 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7419 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8115 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 1340 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8080 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3567 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3566 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5917 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7943 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6821 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7033 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3208 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8989 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2492 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8188 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7510 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10516 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 10199 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 5518 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 14858 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7604 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2202 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 3965 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7930 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 8654 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7446 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7575 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7455 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 4852 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7418 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8168 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7360 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6435 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7875 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2625 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 4045 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3943 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7108 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8657 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8529 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8117 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7068 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7699 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14069 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10677 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1983 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8994 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9355 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9088 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7602 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8352 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8215 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3613 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3422 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6523 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8646 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7635 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2725 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8312 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8855 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3862 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7374 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6067 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7685 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8453 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7339 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3026 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 8764 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7693 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7655 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9710 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2768 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 4346 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10103 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6504 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9326 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1994 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10238 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7890 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9332 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6625 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8660 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7462 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 9323 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9490 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3318 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8953 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8352 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8168 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 3424 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 14003 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6497 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8220 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7979 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2144 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 16356 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6399 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 5020 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6639 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6761 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8460 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 2438 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2806 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2625 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2518 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7427 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8078 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8051 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 13535 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 13487 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7997 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 1805 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10204 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 4192 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 13843 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6800 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 9254 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9408 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3347 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3457 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 10009 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6034 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8701 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8910 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 2845 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8418 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2929 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6883 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8588 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6701 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7521 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6897 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 3277 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3235 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3169 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7071 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6991 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 6640 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3004 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8873 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8949 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2578 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9103 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1879 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9340 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8968 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8759 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 13340 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6084 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6389 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8026 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6776 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 2435 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2778 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2755 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2354 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 2688 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8224 clocks since last eat
put 4
get 3
think 4
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7788 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8068 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8207 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7881 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3956 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2387 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7645 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7474 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6916 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2421 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9413 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2174 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 13278 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7371 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7481 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1958 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8196 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 12489 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7797 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7339 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7719 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2616 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7397 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3038 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8135 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8470 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 13373 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13320 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 12900 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8213 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8383 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3164 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6103 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8027 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9568 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8154 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3662 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13298 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6768 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8500 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8472 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7534 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3800 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7673 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7901 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7550 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7897 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2994 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7974 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3533 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7863 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7452 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 8483 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8502 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 3577 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3044 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9515 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6821 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6556 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8427 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8029 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11454 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7385 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7745 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6810 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7793 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4299 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 3581 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3246 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3458 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7379 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7422 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7215 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6852 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 2560 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7714 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3346 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 2981 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6387 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 9210 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8072 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 6824 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3092 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 1897 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8909 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7843 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8971 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7266 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9364 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1992 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4223 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 13605 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8373 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1304 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7521 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7618 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2926 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 12546 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6957 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7172 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7032 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7032 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 2886 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3501 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7516 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6798 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8882 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8514 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2110 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 7808 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8117 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 13903 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8939 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7142 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 3907 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5964 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9221 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 9922 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 10002 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 4399 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 13212 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8481 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8154 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2519 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8723 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 13505 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9568 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9636 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8862 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 10127 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 3718 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6866 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 5864 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6400 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 1836 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6244 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7944 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3260 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3131 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8772 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6721 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6586 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7899 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2623 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 12908 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7549 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9571 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2438 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9016 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3557 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9014 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14563 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7020 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1903 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8294 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8279 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8365 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2449 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8743 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7209 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7324 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 6623 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8864 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 3033 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7574 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 5505 clocks since last eat
get 2
put 0
think 0
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6801 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8772 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 2794 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 10892 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7049 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6863 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9988 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2137 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9708 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6672 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 13662 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10340 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7896 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3736 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 16537 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7101 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 10182 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7427 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2606 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 10982 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6584 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8421 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7536 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8956 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 11900 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3574 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8958 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8001 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8535 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8860 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2003 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9718 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 4764 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 9953 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7743 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7871 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7225 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7717 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 1662 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3623 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3145 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7008 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 6155 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8573 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8031 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 9205 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3672 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3690 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7943 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7683 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 7842 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10079 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8472 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7397 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8305 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7966 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 7973 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8365 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 4620 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6368 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6745 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 10076 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9401 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2987 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3158 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 2352 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8160 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13937 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6735 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6890 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2140 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2642 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 3129 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7425 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 13612 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7969 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 7812 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8055 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8562 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8556 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7852 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9011 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8307 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3398 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9222 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 11309 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2535 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9899 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8690 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10478 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8662 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8016 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9815 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8975 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 8327 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3606 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7550 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7790 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8980 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 10296 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3465 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 13485 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8169 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7756 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10277 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 6536 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7905 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 13425 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7289 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 9732 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 7794 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8298 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8079 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 1497 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2019 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8193 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3053 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14255 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7754 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7729 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9400 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3076 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8720 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 14305 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 9049 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9295 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8324 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8552 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8296 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1738 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8201 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1662 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 8546 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8775 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6033 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8670 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8933 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3036 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9030 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9706 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6178 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1522 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8608 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7432 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 10551 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8540 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 3513 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 8080 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6729 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6500 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 10195 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10229 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7435 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7416 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 9522 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 7453 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 4142 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 3805 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 15379 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8528 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6494 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2539 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8983 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 8492 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 3241 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 7701 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6642 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8055 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 9671 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10121 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8470 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6853 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 9605 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3509 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 10816 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7595 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12207 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 12258 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 11981 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 9117 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2855 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10598 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8888 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 9499 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8517 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8173 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 8521 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6154 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 14823 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9248 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 1979 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 14621 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 10184 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7972 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8666 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 10415 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7912 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 6108 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7410 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7742 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6862 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 3149 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 3270 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 6519 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6723 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8744 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9562 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8576 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 4388 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3546 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7625 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8743 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6995 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 2263 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8733 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5791 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13798 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8918 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 9863 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3694 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8996 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8683 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7941 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 12000 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8088 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 9774 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2994 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9004 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5622 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7607 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6982 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 1679 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 3602 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 14015 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8741 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7068 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7525 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1727 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8076 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4181 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7848 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7664 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6915 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7282 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8775 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 3550 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2776 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7429 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7705 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8748 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 7795 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 7975 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 15232 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 7502 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10365 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8770 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 4383 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 6833 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7823 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 9306 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 10853 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 1634 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8616 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7978 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8340 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7413 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 2513 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8572 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1870 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 4878 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 10897 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 17664 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 2808 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 12399 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 10352 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 1852 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 14538 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8115 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7767 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2470 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 2357 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9079 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8810 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2298 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 6602 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6625 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6071 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6156 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 7432 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 3020 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 3381 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 5964 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7520 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7789 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 6727 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7113 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 1236 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3244 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3267 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8967 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6705 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 2141 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8014 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8372 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 10262 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 6148 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8494 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 10339 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 8051 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7827 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3768 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8347 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8485 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8750 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7350 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2203 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 13416 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6676 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6538 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8869 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3556 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 9000 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3771 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 7906 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 10193 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6661 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8106 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 9759 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 8425 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 8674 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8983 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 8039 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3856 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6872 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 15206 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2330 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 9335 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8344 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 4658 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 15338 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6559 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 8045 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 7812 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 3819 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 2361 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 14865 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 5572 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 9702 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7608 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8114 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7059 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 6540 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8743 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7958 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3715 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9553 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6962 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8151 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 10431 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3005 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8940 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 9334 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2266 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7536 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7787 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7562 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6898 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2497 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2657 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6136 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 13545 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 1737 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 2217 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 8151 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7790 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1919 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 14517 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8791 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2826 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10267 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 15923 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 15069 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7913 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 8653 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8326 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 8312 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 7337 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8505 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10169 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 2758 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 1487 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8836 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3586 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7380 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 9865 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 7912 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7698 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 14718 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8522 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7891 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7434 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 9039 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 7440 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 7534 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 6836 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 9585 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 2884 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 9195 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 2501 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 1694 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8654 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 8207 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8217 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 7556 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 3337 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3023 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 12825 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6669 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 1216 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6684 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 2703 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 8211 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8773 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 0
Philosopher 1: 7839 clocks since last eat
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 8718 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8802 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2550 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 8761 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 14736 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7260 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 9690 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3606 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 2276 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 12874 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 5873 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6254 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 15469 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 8988 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1996 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 7207 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 2: 8116 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 10117 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7258 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3061 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13481 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 6842 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 10414 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 0: 10357 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 4570 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3793 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 2226 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 10441 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 6251 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9194 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8420 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8177 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 3898 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3896 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 14354 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6414 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 8139 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 7493 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7748 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 2564 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 3854 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 3999 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6711 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 1817 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8277 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 8161 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 8141 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 8549 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 3194 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 7556 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7671 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 1: 6317 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 10520 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 9529 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 15548 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8744 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 10269 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 13175 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 7273 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 8668 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8985 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
Philosopher 0: 7898 clocks since last eat
think 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 2899 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 3245 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6377 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 6072 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 6379 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1764 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 10121 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 14363 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 7912 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8192 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 3585 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 4861 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 14912 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 14720 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 8098 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 6635 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 2
think 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 8049 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 3: 3610 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6745 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7865 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8142 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7736 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 3719 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 2230 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 13786 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 1: 8547 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 9872 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 6356 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 7238 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 0: 13685 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2576 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 14955 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 8847 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 2877 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8958 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 4: 7572 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 7953 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 9495 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 2917 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 0: 13227 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 6760 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9051 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 9248 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 8479 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3848 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 6505 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 7038 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 7231 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 10778 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 3101 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3421 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8732 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6456 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
put 2
think 2
put 0
think 0
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 3: 7792 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2274 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 7355 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 9036 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 9019 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 3: 7856 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6858 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 4: 6939 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 7342 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 1: 10300 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 3401 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3056 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 8937 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 12022 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 11896 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 11861 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6306 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 11824 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
put 0
think 0
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2813 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 7856 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5634 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7056 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 7487 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6783 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1975 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 0: 2229 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 4202 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 9027 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 1
eat 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 8070 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8281 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 11023 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 2: 10929 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 6102 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 7134 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 2
think 2
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 4652 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 3: 1312 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
get 2
eat 2
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 2: 5470 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 5588 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6050 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 1: 15119 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 6997 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 2: 6952 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 2516 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 2783 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 4140 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 4: 13497 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 8382 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 8057 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 2: 10311 clocks since last eat
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 4: 3987 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
put 0
think 0
put 3
think 3
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 1: 6829 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
get 4
eat 4
Philosopher 4: 5828 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 6410 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
get 3
eat 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 3: 7573 clocks since last eat
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 0: 16043 clocks since last eat
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 2992 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 1810 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
put 3
think 3
put 1
think 1
Philosopher 0: 2282 clocks since last eat
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
put 0
think 0
Philosopher 2: 8471 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 4: 8709 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
put 2
think 2
Philosopher 3: 7472 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 0: 6560 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
put 4
think 4
put 3
think 3
Philosopher 1: 8642 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
get 4
eat 4
get 2
eat 2
Philosopher 4: 3365 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 2: 3594 clocks since last eat
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 6500 clocks since last eat
get 1
eat 1
get 3
eat 3
Philosopher 1: 6222 clocks since last eat
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 3: 7506 clocks since last eat
put 1
think 1
put 0
think 0
put 2
think 2
put 3
think 3
get 4
eat 4
get 1
eat 1
Philosopher 4: 7182 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 1: 2225 clocks since last eat
get 3
eat 3
get 0
eat 0
Philosopher 0: 3602 clocks since last eat
Philosopher 3: 2769 clocks since last eat
get 2
eat 2
put 1
think 1
put 4
think 4
Philosopher 2: 130